You know what I do is write for children, and, in fact, I'm probably the author for children, I read the United States.
And I always tell people who don't want to seem like a scientist.
I can see it as an agriculture, or with leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here to talk about circles and eyes.
And you know that an epiphany is usually something that you fall into you.
You just have to turn into the apple to see it as a charging.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bollow.
It's the kind of critical cycle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, in Syra, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
When they hit to keep a week in the bathroom of the guys, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life to let it go into the teacher of teachers.
I did it on secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California, -- I found a lover -- and in the '90s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fight in organizations that fight the AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call of that teacher -- Mr. Patent I said, "I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that adults never got to know it.
You could come to Oh, and please brings that man who I know you've been found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to come up with this please.
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland, we were in Cleveland,
And we went to see, we were cold, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We find it a place, we interact, and we take it off, and we were taking away from his family, because it was necessary, because it was necessary.
It's something that we knew how to do.
And so like the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to me, became a concert box and was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed had been closed -- he had become a circle -- and that challenge that I told you was made in itself.
The eye is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save the one of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
I need true and beauty, and I'm very happy that I talked about this.
It also needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me.
Through my job, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature, and it's all interconnected.
I went for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first transported transport.
I was associated.
My heart should be married, trying to understand what I was in front of me.
The transported to me around the water is nearly 60 meters -- and I couldn't even think that it was a snow of snow about another snow of snow year after year.
The transported they were born when they get rid of the glaciers or broke the ice.
Every transport has their own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment, and their experiences.
Some of them are denied to leave and they cling up to the end of the end, whereas others can't support them more and give them into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think about seeing a transport, which are isolated season and alone, as well as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a transport is dependent, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a transport is given a transport water water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph this transport as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are in that way, and they will not go back in that way again.
It's not death when they're drive, it's not an end, but a continuity of your way for the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the transported that photograph is very young, has a couple of years of years.
And another part of the ice has more than 100,000 years old.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are a transport that photographed in Kethenmoran in Kerseillers, Greenland in Georgen.
It's little frequent to be really going to have a random transport.
Here you are.
You can see the left a little boat.
About five feet.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the form of the transport and your floating line.
You can see here, it begins to robot, the ship has moved back the other side and the man is there.
This is a transport of Greenland size.
So shoot out of the water about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so, the transport shows a different side of their personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1970, the same day, exactly the same moment, each of a baby -- OK.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about the conception itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Think about that for a moment.
And on this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosomes and the sperm is joined to the crime X of the flight.
And in the other case, the chromosome X of the sperm is joined to the charge of the flight.
They both take and started life.
Let me talk back to them later.
In my soil floor to make two roles.
In one of my boxes, I work with the story of the anatomy of the anatomy of the animal.
I'm a story for formation and what I study in this case is the way people took the anatomy -- it is to say, of human bodies and animals -- how have you considered body fluid, the idea of the body, what you've thought about the body.
The other role I performance in my work is the activist of the activist -- as a participants or, as I say sometimes, advocate of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've been working with people whose physical features defy the social rules.
I've been working on, for instance, with twin twins.
I've been working with people with analogy, and people much more low than half.
And I've been working with many cases of people with adapt sex, individuals whose physical transport doesn't fit in male scales and conventional feminine schools.
In general lines, we can call it interpretation.
Interesting advances a lot of ways.
So I'm going to put you some examples in ways of having a sex that is not filled in the male common forms or female females.
For instance, it's the case of the individual with comic base ground whose chromosomes group of chromosomes and tells the protocols, that all of us have in the fatal life, that all of us have in the fatal life, which are becoming textbooks.
And then, in the fatal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual indeed of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of institution to angers.
So, there are high levels of terms of testosterone, but no reaction with it.
As a result, the body is developed following a typical clear course.
When I was born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not to the puberty -- when it's growing and developing the feelings, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
And then you can take them to realize that instead of having variables and third, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not like that.
Women like men, we have in the body something called supernormal guiders.
They're on the front part of the body.
Surveillan glands produce angels, the hormone of the massive.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman, don't know his charging structure, I think to be a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the angers.
We produce angers and respond to us.
As a result, someone like I have the brain more exposed to the angels that the woman who was born with texts who had the synational institution of institutions that have the instruction of institution to the angers.
So sex is something complicated. It's not that the interesting is in the middle of the spectrum, in a way they can be everywhere.
Another example: A few years ago I got a call of a 19 years old, born and raised as you go. I had novel, and he had a little sexual relationship with her, he took a life as a kid and I had just discovered that I had a little bit of a kid and I had just discovered that he had varies and it.
It had an extreme form of a disease known as a conventional support hypercent.
He had a 20th percent and in the sun glanding glands were so active.
As a result, their great genius were massively, his brain was exposed to the hormone common component companies.
I was born with a child, no one suspect anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when she started to have medical problems caused by inner mental, when the doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman in the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of interpretation.
Some people with the 20th challenges develop what you know as an obsesses, which is to say, have an active tissue back into technical tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are lots of sex.
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies -- -- -- -- are in English -- the twin grandmothers, or international strangers, and they get to normal surgeries not to be able to get out of a better physical health.
In many cases people are perfectly healthy.
The reason that you get to several surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is based on the idea that a particular anatomy carries a particular identity.
We have the idea that it will be woman is to have feminine identity.
A really simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with categorized.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture to the individuals.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how amazing that is to have children who were born as two people who were born as two people in the same body.
The recent case is last year with the South American Stary Serby, it was put on his sex in the International Games of Berlin, in Berlin Games.
A lot of journalists called to ask me, "What do you take to do to determine whether Casent Seven is a man or woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such a sample.
In fact, we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a line between men and women or men and international and international and international and international and international and international and international.
So what we have is a situation that the more advanced science -- the more we have to admit that these categories --  -- we thought were already stable anonymous categories that correspond directly with statistical categories -- they're much more difficult than we thought.
And not just in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the technology allows it.
As we can see, we put into a crazy terrain.
See, for instance, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What will we end about the fact of the fact of the fact of them in just a few nucleus?
And as we get progress in science we get increasingly more and more in an uncomfortable zone where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we have probably are too simple.
And we're looking at this in all the habits of human life.
One of them, for instance, in our current culture, in the United States of today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body is a human corner and has different rights to the feltors.
There are very expensive discussions today -- maybe not in public -- but I know within medicine medicine -- I mean, when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to fly with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of you put a pen in front of the nose, and if they were still moved yet.
If I stopped moving you into it.
But today, for instance, extract vital organs of a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we need to confront to the dilemma to actually determine the death of somebody, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe you think that this expensive of categories could smell someone like me.
In politics I am a progress, giving people with unusual bodies -- but I have to admit that I got nervous to me.
To be able to be that these categories are much more unexpected than we thought to think about me.
Think about the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this first tension, I have to admit that I am a very scary fan of the founders of the founders of parents.
I know they were rates, I know they were sex, but they were great.
I mean, they were so brave and audience and so radical.
It's what happened in 1777 with the founders of the foundations.
The founding parents were for me, the first activists of the anatomy and I explain why.
What they rejected was an animal concept and replaced it with another that was radical and beautiful and held for 200 years.
And, like all of them remember, what our parents were rejected was the idea of the pornal. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy very simplistic of the anatomy of the anatomy of the anatomy of the ance.
The windows of the old world didn't know the DNA -- but they had clear the idea of birth of the birth of birth.
They had the blue blood concept.
They were from the idea that it became the idea of political power on the blood of blood, the father of the grandfather and then the son, etc.
The founders are rejected that idea and replaced it by a new animal concept and that concept was that all men are created the same.
They gave them the game of play and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the animal differences. That was very radical.
And partly they were doing it because they were part of an island system where they were teaching two things.
It was teaching democracy and at the same time was born science.
And it remains very clear, if you look at the history of the founders that many people were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were distance from the supernatural explanations and where they reject the concept of supernatural power to transmit by a vague of a range of the birth of the board.
They were moving into a natural concept.
And if you look, for instance, the Declaration of independence, they talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in fact, they were taking us the idea of animal coincidence.
And by doing it, they were feeling the foundation of the future movement of Civil rights.
They didn't think that this way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years next?
And the women.
Then I came up with the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the South South South South Transure, who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the foundations of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
And again, people of color who was putting the animal coincidence about the animal and again, and again, they run.
We see the same with the Movement of the Discoverine.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the coincidence we have to start asking ourselves, why do you keep certain divides.
But attention, I want to keep some animal divides in our culture.
For instance, I don't want to give them a fish the same rights than a human.
I don't want to say that we had to give you in the anatomy of the analogy.
I don't want to say that the five years of five years would be allowed to have sex relationships or married.
There are some animal divides that for me to make sense and I think we should hold up.
But the challenge is trying to figure out what they are, why do you keep them and if you have sense.
Well, let's go back to those two people who are concerned at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of these concepts in 1983 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before the one of June 1980.
Hen, I was born on the contrary, was born on term.
For the only fact that I had been born three months before Mary was attributed every three months before Henry -- the right of sexual consent, the right to the voice, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all that not because I have a different biological age, but because I was born later.
We find other traces in relation to their rights.
Hen, in virtue of being considered man -- if I don't tell you whether it's X -- in virtue of being considered man now is passion of the mandatory transparent that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary of his part, it doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can be married in all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So you still have an animal categories that in many aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy might be discovered?
I don't want to give science to science, but at the same time I feel like the science is scaling.
Where are we going?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude, "Well, we have to bring online somewhere, so we're going to do."
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position.
So for example: Texas at a certain time has decided to marry a man not to have chromosomes, and that to marry a woman to be a woman to have chromosomes and commitment.
Now, in the practice, they don't make microscopic tests to people.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the synational systems to the angers.
If you look at one of the parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have a solution.
It tells you that we should judge people not in the color of their skin, but in the contents of your character, getting beyond the anatomy attack.
And I mean, yeah, the idea seems very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people on the basis of your character.
I want to point out also that I'm not sure we should be based on this to give you rights to people, because I've been able to admit that I know some of them are going to have some of them who probably deserve more social services that some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some labor I know can take more informed decisions, smart and mature about their sexual relationships that people than 40 than 40 who I know.
So how do you put the issue of the character of the cardior, of course, of carefully.
It's very hard.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could in the future to be a measure with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance of man.
Do we want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important than the United States will continue to guide this stream of thinking about democracy.
We've done a good work in defense of democracy and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live for instance, for example, in a context like the Iranian that a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to get into a sex, which is what case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like the surgeon of a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that had done a couple of years ago that had done to give her twin twins and then separate them and accept her family.
But when the telephone asked him the reason of operation -- I was a very risky operation -- I was told that in that other country these kids would be very married and where I had to do it.
So I said, "Well, has it considered the political asylum instead of the script separation?
The United States offers huge chances to people to be who they are not forced to change the state of the state.
So I think we have to be in the head.
Well, to finish I want to say I've been talking about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we would have given the most involvement to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a female, and it's that I think there can be different ideas of different animal technologies, in particular if there are people thinking about group.
Since years, since I've been interested in interpretation, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interested me are the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about the Muslim studies is that women, in average -- not all of all, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to the complex social relationships and carry from those who are vulnerable.
And if you think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in the grandmother, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminist -- I thought I was a feminist plant, like now.
"Tell me what feminine is female?
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've heard.
The feminist has to do with drive gender strategies, so there's no feminine in the female?
But the more I've thought about your question, the more there has been a female thing in the femential.
That is, there might be something in average, something different between the feminine brain and the male that makes us more attracted to the complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very happy to find the way to protect people on the state of the state, it is possible that, to have inject more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy -- think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more in the relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect, let's think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided that we had to recognize how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when each family think where it wants to go live and work, it has the possibility of choosing between the least a bunch of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to attract new residents to attract new residents.
Well, we are far away from that goal.
There are thousands of millions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they value a lot more than their building cost of construction.
So we can easily get into the world dozens -- maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this may sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace it by admitter buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments were already providing protections and that the other half still would be able to do it.
You could try to increase the ability to do exploits in all the existing buildings.
But you know that the problem you confront is that those buildings, and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the molecules and the distraction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those exploits.
But you might go to a completely new place to build a building of completely new, and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction instead of putting the building rather than putting them out.
So I proposed that governments create new weapons of reform enough reforms to keep cities and gave them a name, and I gave them a name, the low cities.
Later I learned that more or less at the same time, Javid and October were thinking about the challenge of reform.
And they knew that every year about 25,000 heads would come out of his country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and make those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, He happened by a development constitutional crisis.
In the next regular election, the Lob Lob was provided with a platform in which it promise reforms and at the same recovery time.
I asked him to actually have his head of gabbox.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at Themostand.
Through a process of perfective, trial and error and a large amount of tests with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of rules, like those rules that say that you can't go and upset all the current residents of apartments.
We put a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need so much technologies like rules to progress, and they're usually the rules that prevent us to go forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Gulardock sent him to eighth a tenthile with TEDTalks.
I showed it to Javid.
They called me.
They said, "Let's put it to the leaders of our country.
So in December, we met in Miami in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain this about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than your monetary cost.
And I used this picture that shows the value of land in a place like New York Let? There is a few of them that are worth thousands of dollars per square meter from satisfy.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Oh, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk.
And the talk described in a very simple time that a little bit under the state is a place where you start with developed land, a status that explains the rules that will be applied there and an option.
So the president of Honor called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this might be the way for our advanced country.
I asked me to go to Telechapet and talk about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to get a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dener and white line is the new airport that was built in Dener.
Just this airport.
So I was trying to convince the heroes that to build a new city, you have to start with a place that means at least 1,000 square miles.
That's more than 100,000 acres.
All the world are clapping.
The faces of the audience were very serious and attention.
The leader of Congress came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk.
I have this in my computer.
So I sat up and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essentials -- that a new city can offer new options for people.
There was a choice of a city that you might go to be in Hundreds, instead of hundreds of miles from distance to North north.
And it also includes new choices for leaders.
Because the leaders of the government of Honor would need help of countries, they would benefit from the countries associated that would help them establish and fulfill the rules of the atmosphere, so that everyone could trust that the state is completely completely completely.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could easily be a thousand square miles.
And so soon after 10 of January, they voted in Congress to understand his Constitution, and add a constitutional condition that allows these special regions of development.
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis, the vote of Congress to favor of this constitutional construction was 144 to one.
All of the parts, all the features in society, the respected of the society.
In order to include the Constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
The 17 of February.
It immediately after the voters, from 21 to 24 of February, a decline of about 30 heads was the two places in the world that are more interested in the world that are more interested in the building of cities.
One of them is Korea from the south.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's been building in South Korea, it's bigger than the center of Boston.
All you see there was built in four years after they spent four years to get the permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singuit.
In fact, you've been built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third one.
And if you think about it differently, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a second city.
They are preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come from, and at the time, it allows to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Court Superman to be the last principle for this new judicial system.
There are urban and builders of cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding, and you can even get a finance thing.
But the only thing we know you've already solved is they have a good number of people.
There are a lot of companies who wanted to be installed in the Americas, especially in a place with a free corner area, and there's a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change the other place.
There's a million to the year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
A lot of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go to get a job, sometimes they are solar mothers that have to win the money to just eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes there are even children who are trying to meet with their parents that haven't seen in some cases in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Hundreds?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these all over the world?
What do you seem to think about insist so that families can choose between several cities that are competing to attract new results?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my Indian friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jessen, and this is my value.
But before you show you what there is inside, I'm going to make a public confession -- and it's that, I live obsessed with the sauce.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and published in my blog suit, colored and different and different for each time.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second range of lung markets and secrets of the second hand.
Oh, thank you.
And the second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my garden in the environment, and my wallet bank.
I get to meet people interested -- usually my money goes to a good cause, my aspect is unique, and buying it into my personal tests.
So what am I going to find today?
Is it my street?
Would I like the color."
Will it cost less than 20 dollars?
If all of the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
I'm going back to the subject of my value, I want to tell you what I started to do for this exciting week at TED.
So what do you have all that role?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
Route for exactly a week is all I have put in my value.
I can imagine that it would be able to find everything else that I want to use after it to Palm Siricans.
And because they don't know me like the woman who walks for TED in the inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting?
As I do it, I'm going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with the Sunday.
I call it brilliant trillion.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can hardly see you for less than 50 dollars.
All of the together, including the jacket, is about 25, and it's the most expensive thing I have used in the week.
Loneston? The color is energy.
It's almost incredibly impossible to be a huge humor, when you're seeing a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other people happy.
Martins. The integration is survived.
I've spent a long time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you are surrounded from the right people, not only will you understand, you will also be surprised.
Microsoft? You eat the child that you get in.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems like I play the enjoy, or I remember to your little age of seven years.
I like to show you and say, "Thank you.
Jump Jause is the key.
If you think you look good with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you with something, probably it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the age of 30 years I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you are a beautiful person in your interior and outer end, you have no look like you can't attract you.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Viseos: A universal truth six words for you, the hard leaders go with everything.
And finally, single sand? To develop a personal and only personal style is a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've been tested over and again when people were approaching me this week just so I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to give everything.
Because the lesson that I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave some other things.
I don't need to get all of these things, because it comes out of the corner, there will always be another crazy sun, color and bright waiting for, if there is a little love on my heart and search for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic part, and the right side, which is the intuitive.
So if we used a scale to measure the altitude of each hemisphere -- we could design a plane of our brain.
For instance, this would be someone who is completely logical to it.
This would be someone who is totally intuitive.
So where do you put your brain on this scale?
Some of these extremes would operate for one of these extreme, but I think for most of the students of this audience, your brain is something like that -- with a great attitude in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they are extremely exciting.
You can be logic and intuitive.
I think one of those people, which is just the way most of the other experimental classic physicists need a lot of logic to fight these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition, well, we like to play with things.
We put it to play with them, and then we see how they react -- and then we can develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same.
certain intuition that you can have developed with the years of the years is the one that says one thing can be only in a place at once.
That is to say, it can sound strange to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this nation, they developed.
I remember watching a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and I didn't do it very well, it's always wrong.
But I bet that you will play with that parking barrier is taught a precious lesson, and is that big things don't allow them to transport, and they stay in a place.
This is a big conceptual model that you can have in the world, except that you are a physics of particles.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physics because they don't play with parking bars, play with these little particles.
And when you play with their particles, you discover that they do all kinds of things really strange things -- like you can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it the quantum mechanical theory.
At that point we found the physics a few years ago, you need the quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you don't need to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That wasn't very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen it.
I mean, nobody saw a particles.
But it was also not used to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics -- then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanical mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see has been in a quantum mechanical support.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
So that's the metal date I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend a little bit -- it's just in the center.
And then here we do a good way to the little metal town.
What we see is a little bit of metal, with a form of transport and survived on a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon, and I went to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this office with a form of patient that comes under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum support, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on a full full of people.
That is, when I am in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things -- but then when other people are going to stop doing those things, because I don't want them to bother you, or, actually, to go.
quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects are behave in the same way.
The commitment of the installation of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that the wind and the wind that comes into their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal little metal of metal according to quantum mechanics, we would have to explore all the other passengers in the past.
And that's what we did.
We put the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we run all the air, and then we face it to a less of a degree of less than a degree over the absolute zero.
Now, by being only in the electron, the little piece of metal is free to act like that.
So we measure their movements.
We discovered that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating -- and the way I vibrating was like a breath.
And when you give it a soft, we were able to make it come up and I didn't see at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean is that one thing goes up and didn't go at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all of the trillion atoms that make that piece of metal of metal are still, and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and forth down.
It's just in determined things when those are planting.
In the rest of the time they're declined.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which is once it means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
All right.
It was worth to lock it into a clean room to do this for all those years, because you see this, the difference in scale between one atom and that metal date is more or less the same as the difference between that little metal of metal and you.
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why don't you do it as well.
I mean, it's my logical part I talk about.
So imagine whether they were in several places at the same time, what would it be?
How do you get your consciousness if your body would be declined in the space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn the lights and look inside the box, we saw that the metal would still be in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all the objects in the elevator is actually just quantum objects that are just made in a little space.
You hear a lot about the quantum quantum mechanics that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that is more profound than that.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the profound race of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amiza.
And 18 months ago I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related with museums and art to my boss who is here and I allowed me to take it to it.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiation and stories, I assure it with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There's a lot of stories of what we did.
I think my own story is just explained in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
It has a great education -- I don't burn me, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and art works.
So when I started to travel and go to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible to make it more accessible by technology.
So we form a team, a great team of people, and we started to do it.
Better than I show you to tell you a couple of interesting things that we've taken on his language.
So we just go to Govanda.
Look around all the museums that there is.
The Gubaratory gallery is the Muslim, the Moman, the Rimishan Malenton, the God Gog.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorite man, to the Metropolitan museum museum in New York.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and chicken, we are already in the museum.
No matter where they are, Bommud or Mexico, that actually doesn't matter.
You move out there and they tell you.
Do you want to navigate for the museum?
We open up the flat of the top, and with a single click, we jump into it.
They're inside that they want to go at the end of the hallway, you want to go.
They're going to be discovered. They're division.

Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings "Step, Branks of Presurit Brute in the Metropolitan Metantor.
I see the sign o.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
See, this is one of the images.
Here's all the information of metalous.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click out there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the Giant technology.
So this picture, for instance, contains -- I think, about 10,000 million pieces.
And there are a lot of people who ask me, "What do you get 10,000 million pipes?
So I'm going to show you what it really is about 10,000 million pixel balls.
It can do it around a very simple way.
You see things that are going on.
I love this guy, his expression.
But if you really want to be done.
So I started play, and I found myself with something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I walked into and discovered that children were actually playing something.
I invented a little bit of people in the Metropolitan -- and I actually discovered that this is a camel called sustainable, which is in hitting an hour with a pole of the Marshall Mars Marth Marth.
And when it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get you even more deep and you'll see that you can really get to the graphs.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to take the picture, and you will really see what there is.
Here's where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to just jump back again to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorite, "The night star?
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the pilots?
And if you want to see how do you Van God actually created this things work?
It increases it and I really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this square, and I really will get to the graphs.
This is the starch night? I think I had never seen that before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show it.
This is the really cool part -- it's called "Consciousness?
All of you, all of you, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have an apple, that gives it the same.
You can online, you can create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function that I call "The compound of the coal." -- we just made a rock around.
It's about "The Nambas in the London Water in London.
You can take things out, send things to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when they feel these things that you feel.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all of the amazing things really didn't really do not really come from Google.
No, in my view, even either.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium do justice to your art of art and it's represented right online online.
And the big question you ask me today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum, and it's a museum.
And the answer is not.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a sky, a flying sky.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture, I am in Italian origins, all the kids in Italy growing up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that it's happened to be a very interesting thing in the cards of the formula in the last two decades of the last two decades.
So there is a long time ago if you wanted to win a from Frimad 1, I took a budget, and he would put it into a good pilot, and a good car, a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you win the career.
This is what in engineering, it's called control control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and an accident.
So what's interesting is that control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics have been covered with networks and electronics have been covered with networks and electronics have been covered with networks and electronics have been covered with networks and electronics have been covered with networks and electronics have been covered with networks and electronics have been covered with networks and electronics have been covered with networks and electronics
They're becoming computer community.
And, like that, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and access.
It's a big thing.
As you notice you wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption and to 80 percent of CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
But beyond the cities, all these choices and assets are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Paul Antarctic for the late year at MoMA in the summer.
It's called "Tali uncle, New.
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk about.
In a way, it is like all the existing atoms will become sensors and actors.
And that's completely changing the interaction that we have with the outer environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Mrit Angeles.
You know, when Michael Angeles sculpt the Mosth, it tells you that at the end he took the hammer, and he landed it to the Mooner -- you can still see a little monkey below me, and he said, "Percent, not see, and he said, "Percent, not show?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk about.
And I'm going to show you just just just a few examples. I insisted in the idea of capturing the environment and action.
So let's start with the decision.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer.
It was the year that Italy won the World County.
Maybe some of you remember, they played Italy and France, and at the end Zedila gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the end won India.
Now let's see what happened that day watching the activity happening in the network.
Here's the city.
You see the Colimaries in the middle and the river there.
It's the morning, before the game.
The line of time is on the top.
On the early afternoon, there are people over here and doing called, moving.
It begins the particular? silence.
It was France from France.
Interesting? People make a quick call and goes into the bathroom.
Second time. End of the regular time.
First of an additional time.
Zedilar, and in a moment, the head.
Earth Italy, yeah.
That night they all went to celebrate the center.
So you see the big score.
The next day, they were all the center to the center of the winning team and the first minister of it.
And then all the world down.
You see the picture of the place called Cir Massister where, from the Roman period, people will celebrate -- it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the city of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another rapid example of detection is not about people, but of things that we use and consume it.
We know all about the process of our object.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how are they standing.
But we know very little about where things are.
So in this project we developed a little bit of small tags to trace the garbage on the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year, to tag what they were driving -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that anyway, things that anyway.
Then we put them a little chip a little chip -- a tag tag, the garbage and then we started to trace it.
These are the results of it.
From Seatton.
after a week.
With this information we realized that there are lots of ineffective in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they don't exist.
They are going on and there's a lot of construction transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if we see all the days that the cup we throw doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
So if the plastic bottle that we throw a day still is still there.
So if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague of MIT, Amosa Birdle, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mention at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something that we did a couple of years ago in Africa.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came out and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of use in public spaces, in the architecture.
And the question was, how can technology can technology, new technology will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a shop, was imagine that they have a race and valves -- solid flies that are open up and shut up.
It creates like a water corruption, with the water.
If you fall the pixels that can be written in them, to show patterns, images pictures?
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can happen, as you see in the picture.
We presented this to the mayor belief.
I liked a lot.
And you want a combination to design the building to the entrance of the experiment.
We call it Paliban Water Pale.
All the building is made of water.
There are no dies or windows -- but when you go on it to open up so you can happen.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there is a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the sales, it goes down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears like in this case.
Those days will always be somebody, in the winter, when you go down the roof, someone who was there and he said, "Tell the building?
No, it's not that they have demonstrated, but when it goes down almost all the architecture.
Here's in work.
You see the people who are interested in what happens inside what happens.
And here I am trying to not let me try and test the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Africa came to the building because the way of interacting had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was opening up to pass up, but a building that kept doing cuts and holes of water and one had to jump up to not work.
(Audience: And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers -- engineers, designers, we always think of the use that people will give people to give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use it.
This is a picture of the building with physical pipes, the water of water, and projections on them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pipes could start to fly.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter like the one that we saw earlier, which is moving with others in sync monsored.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what it changes is light -- not the position of the pixel position.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen would appear in different scales and sizes.
And then all of that could be able to be able to be a 3D gold cloud to the one that you can zoom in, and again, and see from very different angle.
This is the real controlled friend, going down to form a V, like before.
When the light, you see this -- the same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Blue -- one of the best whale dance of today, the Methon of New York and from the Scale of Milo to capture his movements on 3D and use them like input for the Fli.
Here we can see Robert danced.
On the left of the left you see the pipes, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digital digital digital digital time.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with the color and the movement, with gravity.
We want to use this as a possible input for the Fli.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working in.
It's something for the London Olympic games.
It's called the Rub.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could involve people to do something and change our environment -- -- -- -- like a clouds of clouds.
Imagine that we could make everybody would give you a little bit for a piece.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last two years, is that, in the last two decades, we spend the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign -- we can move from the digital world, of power power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may want to use it to design and make a symbol short.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow it can be to tackle the challenges of today, think of climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do you happen from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage to do this together, in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, a pipe of pixel in the same way that real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas our clouds are pieces.
It is a physical structure in London, but it covers with the missiles.
You can move in the inside, having different experiences.
You can see it from down, to be to share the main moments of the Number 2012, and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So, it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up, like a new top of London.
You can enter it.
As a new digital deal at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
So let me tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes -- they could improve memory -- for a more accurate and faster, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better ways, to be more strong, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of himself.
How do you live with good health?
Or maybe be from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else is that they would like it.
What would you like if you could choose something?
Audience from the audience, creativity. creativity.
How many people choose creativity.
Hands your hand. Let me see.
You probably got to the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many people choose memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity like?
Oh, most of them makes me feel very good as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe be possible?
Evolution has been a personal subject here in the TED Conference -- but I want to give you a doctor of a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, TED Dads, which is in addition to the Archite Organization Russia, wrote an essay titled "No biology has felt except to the light of Evolution?
But if you effectively accept the biological evolution consider this: it's just about the past, or the future?
Do you mean each other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well on an extreme, is, of course, the most interested thing.
We have a common ancestor with the modern chimpanzees, about six or eight million years ago.
In the gut there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of home.
Some have gone and forth.
We've been here about 100 years.
You might seem that we're very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, in their most basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can tap and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat the diabetes?
This is not like human institution? But it's the same protein.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that all of us carry in the most bacteria in the most bacteria than the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, you think about -- when I anticipated American Damaila raises about the putting -- think of the bacteria?
The gut is a wonderful environment for those bacteria.
It's limit, dark, met, it's very adverted.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want
It really is like a quick for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force for the sale.
But of course, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they're essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what would the future?
Are we in a sort of evolutionary equilibrium.
Or do you hate to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief companies, the animal kingdom, like one and only commons, and human life, a little note.
That was us.
And it was also the entire part of this talk so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I went into university I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by joy and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the use of life, every single cell is divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to two cells daughters.
But when the multicellular organisms, things start to change.
It enters the sexual reproduction.
And a very important thing with the appearance of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes surprising.
In fact, you might say that the involved of the death of the body enters in evolution in the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was university student I thought, well, seriously, fear, death, death, death for sex, it seemed pretty reasonable at that moment, but with every year that happened, every year she happened, and every year she happened, every single year that happened, and every year she happened, every single year that happened, and every year she happened, every single year that happened, every single
I got to understand George Bush feelings, which was still in Los Vegas in his 90 years.
And one night you hit his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him is a magnificent light of clothes.
And he looks at it and says, "Go in for a sex search.
"It's fine." He says George, "I choose the sun.
I realized as a doctor, which was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily controlled, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to be healthy.
I wanted to regain health in the disease.
I wanted to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is going to spend the genome to the next generation, adapted and survive generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point you are, and I are like refureration rockets to send genetic charge to the next level level, and then let us fall into the sea.
I think we all want the feeling that Woods Allen when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality through my job.
I want to do it not died."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor the longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or the stronger or the fastest and not even the most intelligent.
Evolution favors the best cards better adapted to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the end of the ocean the electronic bacteria that can survive the heat of the fumble to produce the formation of the fumble to produce -- if there were fish there, fish cooking to the vacuum, yet have been able to make that an angel environment.
So, what does this mean? When we look at what's happening in evolution and if we go back to think about the place of humans in evolution and, in particular, if you look at it, to the next phase, I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reason would be that by medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discovered and electronic of the population.
And second, as a species, we've figured out our environment for them to adapt to us as we adapt to it.
And by the way, by the way, we curren, and we get it so much that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for the evolution.
A second possibility is that it has a traditional type of the traditional kind of activity, natural type, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be -- that the farmers of evolution will be delivered -- but they're inevitable.
And how much of the training, when we collect planets distant planets are going to have the isolation and environmental change that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there is a third possibility, the attention of antibiotic and frightening.
The so-called the so-called new evolution, the new evolution, which is not just natural but flew and elected by us as individuals in the decisions that we will take in.
Now, how could it happen?
How could we get to do this?
First, we consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their descent.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more variables than women.
It's not something necessarily good for society, but it's what leads to the individual and family.
You think that if you could be able to be able to choose not just the sex, but in their own body to make the genetic adjust to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could do the genetic changes to remove the diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the apple the apple?
Would you not want to do those changes in their genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human genome was started in 1990, and I took 13 years old.
It was 28 billion dollars.
The next year of having done, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of human genome to a cost of close to the 20,000 and in a week.
It's not going to take a lot for that to make the human genome for 1,000 and it will be more and more and more and more and more and more and more to all of all of them.
These changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect themselves, but they are going to lead immune against other viruses.
You believe or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against the influence of a recording plant.
Can you imagine something good than the transport.
That's really today and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just another two little changes.
Can you change the cells of their bodies but if you could change the cells of your deserts?
And if you could change the sperm and the flies, or changing the flight recent facility, and give your children a better opportunity of a more healthy life, eliminating the diabetes, to remove the head, to reduce the risk of cancer?
Who don't want to do the most healthy children, who don't want to be healthy?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same motor of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease disease will also be able to adopt speakers -- a better memory.
Why don't you have the engineering of a Ken Jenny especially if you could put it up with the next generation of the Wattins machine.
Why don't you have a faster password of contract that allows us to run faster and more distribution?
Why don't you live more time?
This is going to be instruction.
And when we're in conditions of going on to the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in the never.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years, and we can put it to 1,000 years, and maybe within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or, are we going to choose slightly different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for the others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more us and more revolution and more very serving?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing of all: we're going to be able to develop the wisdom and inherit the wisdom to be needed to take these decisions on myself?
Well, for bad, and before what I might think, these choices are going to depend from us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine doing class, clearly, classroom.
It was, clay, clay, clay, classroom. It sounds frightening.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 11.
It was the only one I could talk about flight satisfaction.
So he immediately looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem -- we probably hit some of the period?
The pilot was already watching the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The plant line the plane with the Hudson River, the Hightime.
It's usually not the route.
I put the motors off.
Imagine being on a plane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three more disappeared words I have heard.
He said, "I'm going to prepare for the impact?
I didn't have to talk more with the flight subject.
I could see it in your eyes.
Life was terring. Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before we died, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people who wanted to get and didn't do it, all the fences I wanted to do, all the lessons I wanted to do, all the experiences I wanted to do, all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about that later -- I came up with a sentence, which is, "Connection came back?
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open.
I don't want to play anything in life.
And that urgency is actually changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we had the George Washington Bridge who was not for a lot -- I thought about us, who I think about, who, I really feel a great fishing.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes, I've tried to better better in everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also give my ego as well.
And I slow the time that I waste in things that don't matter with people who do matter.
And I thought about my wife's relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure of that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels like wonderful.
I don't try to get right. He chose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is how your mental clock is going to describe, 15, 14 1,300.
You see the water.
I'm saying, "Please flies.
I don't want this to go back in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we go down, I had the feeling of who I had the feeling of, work, die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sadness. And that sadness.
I wish I could see my children to grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent --  --      I scream.
And for me, that was all the reason of being the world.
At that point I understood those two points that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
The only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I gave me a miracle -- not dying that day.
And I gave me another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and come back and live in another way.
You are flying today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens in your airplane -- and please not like that -- but imagine, and how would they change?
What do you do, they still expect to do because they think they're going to live forever.
How do they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And the most important thing, are the best parents that you can."
Thank you.
I clearly have been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called Typmoture.
Type was one of the most important family in the '80s.
One day came to his home after running and said, "Dad, I feel a hormone on the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today This has a total paralysis today.
It can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, the graffiti is something that we would admire and respect in the art of art.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony Titanic, and his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and her father and I said, "Let's give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to communicate with him and he was able to communicate with me.
And I said, "A second, not that I've seen Stephen Hawking -- not all people with paralysis can communicate through those cards?
And he said, "No, unless you have someone important and you have a very good thing you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?
Does anyone look at the movie, "The script and the marthrick?
They communicate that way, and they will be doing with the fingers.
I said, "That's architect. How can it be?
So I presented with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a little bit that I didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover it.
I committed with his brother and his father there at that very moment, very well moment, and this is the deal. Tony is the deal. Tony is going to talk about, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make your art again.
Because it's ridiculous.
So I talked about a conference a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GRS Reserve Rash Reserve, who have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface, and then with a laser point, they draw on that and record the negative space.
So they go there doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come from, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First of you start with sexual organs, then with bad words, then with the attacks to Bush, and at the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his pressures.
And so it started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and so much will move the things on one side to another side we had achieved a couple of things.
One one, we played the doors of the insurance companies and we got a machine for Temporarity to communicate -- a machine like the Stephen Hawking of Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun. I call him Bodie because when I talk to the guy you get an email of him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic?
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world -- literally -- in the corner of the planet -- to our home.
My wife, children and I, and we moved into the back and these hackers and programmers and constructions and songs and antibiotics took the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and that when we go back to you would have taken off the walls of the walls and in their place would have graffiti the walls.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the Sender of Venice, my son was part of my son too, and we created this.
It's called Serible Chemothour, New and you can see the description here.
These are a couple of driver games that we bought in the San Beach country, some of the copper wire and things of Homo Department and things of Homo Department and Radia Shake.
We took a PSSu camera, we open it, and we put it on a LED light and now there's a device that is free -- you build it one -- we published the free code -- the software is low in a free way.
And we create a device that doesn't have limited in the absolute thing.
There's no safe company that says, "No."
There's no hospital I can say, "No."
Anything with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much for you.
So, at the end of the two weeks, we came back to the Typetant room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's his room.
There was all this business and oil during the great ingredients.
And after a year of planning, two weeks of programming some still subjects all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and it's looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital of the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you will imagine what the feeling was in the parking thing.
The funny was that we had to fix in the parking parking so we feel like we were transforming the graffiti as well.
At the end of this he gave us an email email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I would have been under the water and someone finally came to rescue and pull me out there so I could breathe.
It's not wonderful.
In a way, that's our scream.
That's what makes us in motion, development.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device but it's the equivalent of a Magic Partic.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and do it faster and robust.
Since we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of prices.
Remember, it's free, none of us is making money with this.
It all comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the type, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Army takes something about us, and then in December, the magazine magazine recognized as one of the 50 better inventors in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what I ended up to close the crime -- is that in April of this year in the MRI Geople in the Los Angeles in the Los Angeles in the Los Angeles -- there is going to be an exhibition called Art in the Calinest?
And "At "the Streets on the Streets is going to have the best examples of the urban urban arts -- the Enormous Aris Chandel, Chardes Farm, all of them will be there.
Type is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
Nothing that there is in this room was possible -- the school, the computer, the microphone, the microscope, nothing was possible.
I do it possible -- any thing of this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with hidden recognition technology, I just recognized something and I associate with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the question that I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we feel that we feel that we have to do -- if it's not now, when it's not now, what?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years to move in very difficult situations and at the same time a dangerous and so long.
I went to the crisis -- hard.
I worked on a kind of coal.
It was filmed in the world of a difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a big part of my career, I've been diving me in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to take a social issues in ways that are advanced, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that you can see contemplated and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew it would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the sponsors wanted to do something a little bit different.
So, some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks a couple of weeks I walked up in EB.
I sent some messages in Facebook, some of the Twitter in Twitter, offered the name of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What was the next thing was the following: "Well Sterin Step presented -- my TEDTalk who you have no idea what it is and about content could explode in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or his company to do it.
But I said, it's a very good medical opportunity.
You know how many people look at these TEDTalks."
A lot.
It's a progress in progress, by the way.
So I still knew that someone was going to buy the name of the name.
If I had asked you a year ago, I would not have been able to tell them with certainty.
But in the new film that I am working, we looked at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've been done in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing I could admit for something as hard or as dangerous as I enter the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgevand Superman: I want to make a film that tries from the product of product, the marketing and the advertising, and that all the film was funded with a product of product, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to be called "The largest five to save.
What happens in "The largest film is never says is that all of the top on the bottom -- in the end of the end, has princes of brand, all the time -- from the autism that appears before the title of the title of the title of the title of the title of the title of the thing.
Now this brand, "Malicom State, the Center States.
These people are going to join the film to peripheries -- forever.
And so the film explores all this idea. (MIP. Sandi, it's reading.  (Much -- (MI: It's reading?
I'm an all results. (MI: I just tell it. It was more for the trips.
It was "A peripheries. Just forever.
But we're not just going to have the sponsors of the X percent in the title but we're going to make sure we will make sure all the categories that we can in the movie.
Maybe we sell a shoe and it becomes the most great shoe that you've used to do.
The most great car that you have led in "The largest film ever said, the best transport that you've been black, cute from "The largest film to save me."
Raddow Kohn: The idea is then besides to show the brands as part of life, make them finance the film." (Music: So we have to make the film. MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You'll see all the process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film, in the end.
And I would love that CEO helps make it happen.
Robert Fridey. You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that. It's the maximum respect for the audience.
Wow, though, I don't know how recycling people will be people to that.
JF: You have a perspective -- I don't know if an angle is very negative, but you know how is going to reproduce?   David Chinese, how much money makes it missing to do this?
MS: A million and a half mile. (CA: All right. John Kamm: I think it's going to be hard with them, but no doubt is going to be worth to convince a couple of big brains.
JF: You know, maybe for the moment that comes out the movie, we look like a lot of blood ideas.
MS: What do you think it's going to be the answer.
Street Rush." Most of the answers will be "No."
MS: But it's going to be hard to sell you, for the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS: -- it means you're not very optimistic.
So they help me, I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (MI: Okay.
MK: We need to think about what you do.
MS: Yeah. (MI: That's the challenge. When you look at the people that you have to treat to.
MK: So we have some places to go -- (MI: Okay. Turn the camera.
MS: I thought I would apply the camera, it meant we have a conversation outside of me.
The camera means "We don't want to know about your film."
MS: And so it was one for one, all of these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this movie.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed. I thought that the concept of advertising, was to introduce it to as many people like possible, to make that as many people like it possible.
Especially in the world of today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of the separate media, not the idea to tell that new vehicle worthy of attention that is going to take the message to mass?
No, that's what I thought about.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a dark mistake, and that error was this one.
It really wasn't such a mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been okay.
But the problem was what this picture.
See, when you look for transport images in Google --  --  -- this is one of the first images that they appear.
I like your way to raise, Sergey Brin. No.
This was the problem: the transparency -- free of simulation or engine, and easily determined or seen -- easily completely understanding or see, that is the ability of the visibility.
You see, you hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name the name of the name of the name -- the name of the name of the name is the name of the name of Chinese.
But all of a sudden when it comes to make it something really changes.
But why? Well, the transparency is afraid --  -- like that weird bear that still still still still follow.
It's unpredictable.   Like this rare rural way.
And it's also very array.
What else is it risk?
It will eat a whole story of Cookie Wikipedia.
That's very array.
When I started talking to companies and tell them that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you count our story?
See, when I was a child and my father stuck me in some lie -- and there is him watching how I used to do it, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your history, it's my history, and it's the real story.
As you see, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency want to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kirky of many years -- I realized that I would have to go in my own, I would have to take care of the method and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn a sudden -- I started to tell me, is that when you start to conversation with companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big films, huge, giant and others who make small films, independent films, like mine.
And my friends who make great Hollywood films, giant holes, say that the reason that their films have so much is due to the brands associated that they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how do you know we're going to compete with these big, big Hollywood film?
And the movie is called "The largest film saves.
How are we going to see basically in the film?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my bottle, you'll see the Danua distributed bank.
At any point in an interview with someone can say, "Are you good front for this interview.
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there is one of these fabulous arms.
As much fisher "Shape, as the States of the Paradians, are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for men like a woman, solid, to blood, in barrier, like that.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a permanent look.
Karen Frank, we are a small brain.
So similar to the kind of little films that you might have, we are more a rival frame.
So we don't have the budget that they have other brand.
So you can do things like this, you know, to give people the people is the reason that this interests us.
MS: What would you use to describe Banders.
Bank is in white.
KB: That's a big question.
Woman: Top technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put on the application.
Man: We talk about something audio, friends.
I think that "risk? It's a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus fight the smell and the subject?
You keep front.
How do you keep fresh faster times, with better surgery, more surface, three times the faster.
Things like those who are responding the benefits.
MS: And that's a regular company.
What about me? What about a common guy.
I need to talk to the man of the street, people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your market?
Man: Hmm.
I don't know.
I like the good.
Woman: revive the 1980s, the putting piece of slide it is day.
MS: All right, what is the Grandmother brand, Grandmother."
Grandmother: Something unique. (Music: Night. Man: I guess the kind of gender -- the style I have to be like a dark glamour.
I like dark colors, a lot of gray and things like this.
They usually take access as a game game, or I like crisis and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conversation?
Man 2: The brand I am, I call it cast.
Woman 2: In a hippie part of hippie -- it was a children girl, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets.
I sold the pet guys in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my mark.
Man 4: My brand is Fash because I get the market.
Man: March script five, failed scratching.
Is that something?
Adam." I'm a lawyer.
Tomo: I'm Tomor.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand, but I often classify in the intelligent glamorous integration, and classroom.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could come into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the Professor Performand.
And I found a company called Sonal Zaller in Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Nets, Fert, Hall Hall to discover that marketing personality.
If you could do it for them, they certainly could do it for me.
Abusibia." Bring the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family photograph.
CA: How do you have a little bit how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A, count from that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live to you, as the people who surrounds you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work that you do.
All those things will originate and start in a place and in my case to originate and start in my family, in Verience Western.
A, what's the next thing you want to talk about.
MS: The next is this was the best day of my life."
A, how do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like different things.
I like the weird things -- I like weird things.
A, I tell me the "Why do you do that?
What is the machine? What do you find you now?
Why is it important to remember? What does the red represent?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other methods have happened?
You don't have to be afraid -- what kind of most Russian work?
MS: Yes.  Thank you. No, thank you.
A, thank you for your patient. (Music: Great job. A, it. (Music: Thank you very much.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to go out of this.
There was a lot of madness.
Lingo Railed the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but completely completely in your brand personality, the brand Mordan Superman is a consequence of consequence.
They fuse very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox on them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of your strong points or in the other instead of focused on both of them.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that they're not safe -- they avoid the fear, those elements, and you actually give them head and make you become a little bit of positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is the classic thing.
And you can see it also here to Earth, Wik, Minister of Minister Cookin and Jetters.
Now there are playful and concerns and conscious brands -- those things that have gone on and forth -- but a consequence is a pretty powerful thing.
MS: A collection school. What's your market?
If you ask you to describe your brand, your brand personality, what would it be?
Are you an advanced artist? Are you somebody who makes the blood flowers.
Or are you rather an desert attraction?
A little more calibrating, research, conservation?
Social attributes are like to be the crowd to be fresh like the Prince -- contemporary president, adverting or bold like error Laking, fast or useful.
Or are you more despite depression?
Are you conscious.
Are you sentence, traditional program, provide, protection, you identify with Oritie: Orangulation?
Are you a condition, stable, family, confidence, safe, saving, saving, like the Dalai Lama or Maddiss."
In the course of this movie, we had more than 500 companies, success and descendants, who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this movie, mostly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell the history of marketing, and we get to tell the story on this movie of how they use the MRI meeting to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as for connection.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned the advertising of the goal.
In all the city for the last five years, there are no colors, there are no landscapes, no floors, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing in schools with the problems of Life in America.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects that I've had the greatest answer or where I have more successful are the ones that I've been interacting with things right now.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the individual the individuals, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to do to think about people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you get it? Did you succeed.
Well, since the movie is sitting in the Senamilia of Sonary Senamist, let's take a look.
According to Burics the movie in January, and from then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million printers in the media for this film.
This covers just a period of two weeks and a half.
That's just online -- no press, and TV.
The movie is still not distributed.
It's still not online, it's not in the street.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win came.
And it's not bad because it's almost all the agencies that we talked about, I would take his customers to not be a part.
I've always believed that if you risk you, if you take risks, if you take risks, that in those risk.
I think when you pull people out of that is pushing them to fail.
I think when you train their employees on the risk to risk is preparing all its company to get recording to record.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to be at risk.
We have to encourage people that don't have fear of the opportunity that they can take them.
Ultimately, again, I think we have to make it place to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We open the fear. We open the risk.
From a card at once, we have to embrace the risk.
And, ultimately, we need to harbor transparency.
Now more than a little bit of honesty is going to run a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk "we represent transportation, has been presented by my good friends of EM: who for 7,000 people bought the rights on the name in Educator.
EM: By turning big data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
EM: I think, "We reveal transportation.
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morgan, in behalf of transparency, that happened exactly with those 7,700?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a name of the name of the TED order of TED, the San Foundation, a crush for 7,700 to be applied to my TED assistant for the next year.
The idea behind the Suninament computer Sunling is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
His greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the English engineering plant in National.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we can get these systems that control these systems that control speed and valves -- we can cause a lot of problems with the determines.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put a first effective virus of Windows in a laptop computer used by an engineer to figure out this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Station.
We started with a Windows installation.
The child goes into the gray box, damage the director, and the nuclear program would go is demonstrated.
It's easy.
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started investigating States six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown to it.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex on the Windows part of Windows."
It seemed like to do something with these gray boxes, these control stems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with States and saw what happened with this.
So they spent very strange things.
States would be formed as a lab of lab that I didn't like our work, the wave, but he didn't want to eat.
I had no sense for me.
And after experiencing with different strands of cheese -- I realized -- and I thought, this is a direct attack attack.
It's completely drive."
The installation is looking for active in the gray box if you find a specific confusion, and even if the program that is trying to infect is effectively working on that place.
If not, Stan doesn't do anything.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal.
It could be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we discover the goal.
So we extracted and we hit the addition of attack, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were armed very profiting for people who obviously had all the inner information.
You know all the points that I will attack for.
They probably even know how much the operator cards.
So you know it.
And if you've heard that the Stanford installation is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above all we have seen before.
Here you see a sample of this code of attack.
We're talking about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks like the old standardized language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning was called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking for temperatures and structures of data and tried to relate them with the real world, with potential goals in the real world.
We need theories about fate that we can test or depend.
In order to get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent short, it has to be a valuable blank, and it's certainly located in Iran because it's where most infections has been reported.
You don't find a number of targets in that area.
Basically it reduced to the Sunistrian nuclear power plant.
So I told my assistant, "The a list of all the experts in determines and power plants between our clients.
I called them and put them into a effort to play his experience with what we find in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital girl with the control of the broken.
The rotate is that mobile part in the distribution, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this rice, they certainly can break it out, and even make the determines explore.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and decided to get back into an effort to go back to the stories of maintenance -- so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital child object looking at the data and their structures.
So, for instance, the number 144 sauding in that code, cannot be obviously.
I started researching scientific literature about how these determines are built in National and found that they're stranged in what's called a waterfall and every waterfall contains 164 determinations.
That had sense, there was a coincidence.
And it gets better yet.
These determines in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we find in the attraction of attack?
A pretty identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had in between hands.
So not to be working for us to be not like this.
The results have been given after several weeks of hard work.
We were routinely left in street calints and we had to start again.
And yet, we discovered that both of the digital children were pointing to one and same goal, but from different angle.
The little girl is taking a chain, and doing the rotate and reliable them, and the big girl is communicating with six charges and manipulate lives.
In short, we're very confident that we've determined what's the distant.
It's National, and it's just National.
We don't have to worry about other targets to be achieved by States.
So here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, they really cared me.
So there is the gray box, and you look at the determines.
What this thing is doing is to intercept the foundations of the sensors for instance, from the sensors of pressure and the sensors of vibration and provide legitimate code, which is still executed during the attack, with false data of entropy.
And I think or not, these false data data is programmed by States.
It's like in Hollywood films, where, during the robot, the security camera feeds from preventing video video.
Is it great is it?
The idea here is obviously not just to mock the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive it.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For instance, on a power of energy, when the great steam of steam goes through speed, you need to open them out of escape in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't do it a human operation.
So that's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed -- then you can spend bad things.
The plant can explode it.
And not the operation of the security system will notice it.
That supported that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This is a generic attack.
It has nothing to see, specifically with determines, with uranium engineering.
It could also work as well, for instance, on a power plant or in an automotive factory.
It's generation.
And you don't have -- and you don't have a clear thing to disseminate this charge with a USB key, as we saw in States.
You can also use conventional technology of worm to figure it out.
It's going to do it as possible.
And if you do that, with what you end is with a marketing character chart.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the greatest number of targets for some attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All the green areas are spaces with great goals.
We need to face the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Rutauta, it has been public in many sides that people assume that Mosque is the main sense behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Lanker, OK, you really want to hear this?
Yeah. OK.
My opinion is that the Mosque is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is the cyber supermarket.
There is one alone, and this is the United States, fortunately, forthned.
Because, otherwise, our problems would be even higher.
CA: Thank you for us. Thank you, Ralian.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be able to take and give you surgical abilities.
In Berkeley, Billions call these robots, egos.
They're not different about something that goes in the morning, it gives you a big force of force, which is also increasing his speed, and help him -- for instance, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine.
But not just that -- you can integrate it and connect it with the universe and other external stress.
This is not an irrational idea.
In order to show you now in what we're working about to talk about the American soldier that in average, it has to take on their back, a burden of 45 pounds -- and it's being being doing is getting even more team.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- leaders in the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to take this challenge, and create an exoskeleton that could help us handle the point.
Let me introduce you the HIV -- or Port human Caronic Cardil.
Soldier: With the USA skeleton I can put 90 pounds by variables for many hours.
Their flexible design allows you to get back and exercise movement with great ability.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then drives my force and my resistance.
Sheater Bengus, we're ready, with our industrial society, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton -- this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
So let's go back now to the subjects of wheelchair streets, about what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people in the wheelchair chairs around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculus.
We talk about something that happens with frequency -- very young people, with damage in the virtual column that when you start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that goes up that mustation is really music.
Its only option, many times -- for a cerebral injury or some other complications -- is the wheel.
And this has been so over the last 500 years, from its successful appearance, as I have to recognize.
So we decided to start to write a new chapter of mobility.
Let me introduce you the Egyptians that is using Amanda Botton who is using Amanda Both years ago had a injury in the vertical column and as a result couldn't go back to walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bonk, thank you.
EB: Amazing is using our ELLO Elements, I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer computer in the back.
There are also a little bit of batteries that give the motors on the chains, and in the knees, and they do it to move with this soft and very natural and very natural and very natural and very natural and very natural and very natural and very natural and very natural and very natural and very natural and very natural and very natural and very natural and very natural
AB: I was 24 years old in the top of my life when I was a strange jump on the air, growing down the bottom on the bottom of me.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all sense and all the movement of the movie down.
A little bit later, a doctor came into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Long, will never walk.
That happened 10 years ago.
So I stole to the last escape of hope of my being.
Addiction technology has been allowed me to learn how to get rid of the bottom of school, scale rocks and even ride in bike billion.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platform to sit and talk with you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just soldiers -- but at Amanda and all the users of wheels of wheels of wheels, all of them.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battle, practice sex to say hello -- and play is the order of the day, where the diversity is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the feature of the Arab Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know his cousins.
This is the world of the collined bonds.
The bonosors are together with chimpanzees, their closest living patients.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, a evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago.
Now, the chimpanzees are known for their aggressive.
But unfortunately, we've done too high-term on this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the Bonobo show us the other side of the currency.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, arts, the Bonobo society is in charge of female with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very tolerant society where the deadly violence hasn't yet seen.
But unfortunately, toilets are the least understanding of the big apes of the big apes.
They live in the depths of Congolese collect, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradigm -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the triangle -- stage of a violent conflict that has been protected for decades and caused almost so many deaths like the First World War.
It's not to extract that this destruction also puts the survive of the bono.
The meat of meat of hunting and deforestation make you can't fill up and a stadium with the toilets that stay in the world -- and, honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos can hear the laughter.
Who are these prices?
We know them like the simple says "I do love, not the war, no longer the war, because they have sex secret, prime and biological problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than the Kamma Sustan.
The bonosors, like humans, love to play along their entire life.
Play is not just a child's game.
For us, and for us to play the game is fundamental to establish links and promote tolerance to them.
With him we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
The game increases creativity and resilience, and it has to see with the generation of diversity diversity of interactions, diversity of interactions, diversity of behaviors, diversity of connections.
And when you look at the bond of the bond you see the evolutionary roots of the laughter, the dance and the human rituals, humans.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the silver.
First, it's a blank ball game, and I don't talk about football ...
Here we have a female and a young man in the middle of a person.
Look at what it is.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, he has all the books.
Just I think in this case to him love, right?
Yeah.
So sexual games is common in toilets like in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- like the texts -- and also how play requires trust, and the thing is the most fun.
But the game is politician.
The game is politician, you can adopt a lot of ways, some of whom are more transition, imagination, curiosity -- maybe the place where the amazing is accessible.
And I want you to see -- this is Future, a young female feminist, which is playing with the water.
I think that we sometimes play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outer world.
And it's that playful curiosity that propelled us to explore, to interact, and then unexpected connections that we form are the real serious of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobo give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with more and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key of these capabilities, the planet.
In other words, the game is our adaptation.
To adapt with success to a world that changes we need to play.
But let's take the maximum of our game capacity.
The game is not five.
Play is essential.
Bones and humans for the same, life is not just cruel and strategic.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, they can be the moments that it's the most urgent thing.
So cardions, we accept this gift of evolution and play together with the creativity, the friendship and the amazing.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Housen.
When I am not eating poverty, I fight strikes as a captain of captain in a volunteer bomb body.
And in our city, where the volunteers communicate to a highly qualified personnel person has to get to the site of the fire that is very soon to go into action.
I remember my first school.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a race race against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain of Captain -- I was fascinated in a conversation with the province that certainly had one of the worst days of his life.
And we were on the last night, she was standing outside on the rain, under a paradies, in paradigm, discover, while his home was on fire.
The other volunteer that I had just got before I -- we call him Luther Luther --  came first to the captain and this was asked him to enter and would save the dog of the house of the house.
The dog, I was so close?
So there was a lawyer or gesture of money that, during the rest of his life, would have to tell the people who entered a building on a building on a building on a book to save a live to be alive just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next.
The captain made me a camp.
He said, "Beach, I need to get home.
I need you to go up, you put the fire, and it brings this woman a pair of shoes.
I swear it.
It was not exactly what I hoped but I was still schools, at the end of the hallway, happened to the real firemen that that height is the more or less had finished to go off the fire and went into the main quarter of a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my charge back on the ladder where I met my Muslims and the precious dog on the front door.
We took out of the home the terrorists for the source of home where, as I expected, his ceiling got much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter of the dream of the home to grow up by the brave demonstration to save their home.
The kindness that she looked at the other thing was that someone had had had a pair of shoes.
So much in my voice in Robin House like my voice as a volunteer bomb I'm a witness of generosity and kindness in a monumental scale, but also of the act of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned.
Everything has their importance.
So, when I look at this room to people who have achieved -- or they're going to do -- remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this: don't wait.
They don't expect to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give you now.
They serve food in a dining common, clean a park of the neighborhood.
They're mental.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone but each day, we're going to be able to influence someone.
So you go into the game, they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark Mark, I come back.
Mark Bespellers? Thank you.
This can seem strange, but I'm a big admire of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1833 with a very simple idea.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build things bigger than us, as buildings, or bridges -- a brick at once.
Essentially, these blocks have become the plants of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to IDEO came up with this.
It's called a random astronomer limb.
And in a few years, the Lego bricks came to all the home.
It's estimated that they have made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks for each person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful, buildings, or houses.
LED did it accessible.
LED just adopted the concrete block in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to advocate, the new building block was about it.
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of static brick plants who were passionate on each other to a world where it was all interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows to create much greater and more complex and more complex crimes, a brick at once.
But there's a main difference. The transition was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the construction block of our time are reserved to the experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was in the Media Lab I started to explore the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of the artists of artists and designers.
A few years ago I started to develop Little.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Little Limbasks are electronics each one with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they are join by markets.
So you can't put it differently.
The landscapes have a color code.
The green is the red, the blue is the corruption, the pink is the entrance and the orange of orange.
So you just have to use a blue with one green and very quickly you can start to make a major circuit.
A blue with one green is producing light.
We can put a button, and we have a regulation.
If we change the button, for a pulse, which is here, and now we have an intellectual light.
We add this number to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Little Likents are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and sunlight, Likelusia allows us to program using very simple intuition gestures very simple.
In order to make it faster, you just turn this button, which makes the pulse to be faster or slower.
The idea behind Little Likents is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world will be reduced to brick bricks to use.
Lucky, sounds, solar panels, motors -- everything has to be accessible.
We've given children to children to see them play with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how they start understanding the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For instance, how it works a light of night, or why the door of a elevator is getting open, or how a iPod responds to touch.
We've also brought the design schools.
So, for instance, the designers without an electronics start playing with Little Like a material.
So here you can see, with paper bottles and file, we have George creating creative.
(Supernood.  A few weeks ago, we took Little weeks to the designers of Rhode Island designer, who don't have some of them in engineering, just in coal, wood and paper and said, and we said, do you do something.
So here's an example of a project that you've done -- a range of conflict that are active by movement.
But wait, here is my favorite project.
It's a language that has been afraid of the dark.
For these not engineers, Little Little children became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to do all of them.
So Likents has an open code.
You can see the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world that we live, this interactive world, is us.
So it goes forward and invented.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work on the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks to engage with the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait a moment.
You can delay a little bit of cardior.
We can -- we can continue better to leave the video on a side side.
No.
This is not it.
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm going to be terrifying the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques so that they take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to be, we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called Countain for America and would be like a few of Peace Country Country.
We select some of them every year and put them working with the musicians.
Instead of telling you to Third World we send them to the manufacturing world world.
They made great applications, they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the chances of current technology.
You know A.
Al the city of the city of Boston.
This is what it looks like if I would look for a quote, but what I really seek is that someone is going to do when she comes up with the snow because it knows it's not very good for the snow because you know that it's not very good by paying fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did you get to ask this so small?
Last year in Boston had a team of member of County for America.
They were there in February, and that moment was a long year.
They realized that the city never clean these historicals.
But one of the members called Erik Michael noticed something else, that citizens clean with sticks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, I developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a distant.
You accept to clean it as a child.
When you do it, you put a name, in this case I put it in.
If you don't do it, someone can do it.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21st putting the last year.
But it makes something another technology of the government achievement.
And it stretches in a viral way.
A responsible of the History of Honor when they see the City of Honor to see this application realized that I could use it, not for the snow, but for the citizens to adopt the chains of tsunami, the chains.
It's very important that they work these synations of tsunami, but people are stealing the batteries.
So I ask the citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens take the challenges for the tables.
And Chicago was just throwing it to make people run to clean years when no yet.
So now we know about nine cities that plan use it.
And this has been spread with no friction in a organic and natural way.
If you know a little bit of government technology you know that this doesn't normally happen.
The source of software usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that until the moment has been about 200 million dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an application that is program in a couple of days and really diffuse in viral form is a kind of land of warning.
I suggest the government better ways to work, not like in private companies, like a lot of people think that should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather like the Internet.
That is to say, without resistant, otherwise open and generators.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents how to tackle the question of the government that the new generation has the new generation, not like a problem of an analog institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not just County for America but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute with civic applications every day in their own communities.
They've never been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain -- they share.
And these people know something that we've lost of view.
And it is that if you leave the feelings about politics -- the row in the DNA Resist -- and all those other things that give us crazy -- the government is, in essence, in the words of Tim Really, what we do together because we just can't.
Now, a lot of people have abandoned the government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, the government is.
And because the government in the last instance of us -- they remember that from ourselves, the people? The way to think about it to affect the way to produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that government is in choosing people to be charged.
Well, after two years I have come to the conclusion that the government is about all of all of the rights.
This is the center of telephone phone of services and information.
It's the place that you have called the so-called if you put 1981 in America.
Scott attracted this call.
English Rirtes in the official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, you can open up the doors of the house, put a strong music and see if it's going?
And it worked. So for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the rides.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an application and the mobile and mobile changes, called Consciousness Connection.
We don't program that app.
It was the work of very smart people in the New York Meccus of Boston.
One day, this was really going to be this find, "Marria in my garbage cube. I don't know whether it's dead.
How do I do to carry?
The dynamic of Connection is different.
Scott was talking to the person.
In China Connection everything is audience, so you can all see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next report would say, "I get back to the place, I found the garbage corn behind the house.
Arrish: Yeah.
I gave it home. I went home.
Good night, "development.
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical thing.
And it's also a great example of income income to the distributed volunteer.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean to the technology of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to add and help others.
So, a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
I connected those two people.
And it could have connected with government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better and more cheap of the government services.
When a neighbor helps another, the communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about the government is that it's not the same thing that politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think you're the entrance of the other.
That our entire government system is the vote.
How many times you've chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then hope that government reflects our values and satellite our needs, but we don't see changes.
That is because the government is like a huge, and politics is the surface of 15 centimeters, and the political layer.
It's why we call a buric.
And we say that word with a lot of waste.
But it is that speech that keeps that that you have that that we find that that we finance like something that operates in our own, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing the power.
People believe that politics is sense.
If we want this institution to have to make the bureaucracy, we will have to make the burician as a sensor.
Because it's where the real work of government occurs.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the White movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report of 350 pages in response to the SERN & on the financial reform.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have resisted in the government, it's time that we ask us what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really believe that we have to go where we need to go without the institution that can act in behalf of everybody?
We can't be able to prevent government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that the technology is possible to be able to rethink the government function so that it can expand to emotional society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so difficult to act, there is just the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a big generation that many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost sitting for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about who is going to talk about who is going to talk about.
You can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when they face the problem of government they don't mind a lot to do to hear their voices.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that do work better to the government.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be clean a disaster, taking weeds -- taking a garbage cube that has a ride in the wheel.
Of course, we always could have clean those hundreds and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are like a digital reminder that we're not only consumers, we're not just consumers of government that we pay taxes, and we get services.
We're more than that, we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the citizens.
So I want to ask all the present, when it's about the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd of voices, or will we also be a multiple of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me, a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in prisons, prisons.
I've spent most of my life in marketing communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that tell you here are impact all over the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have another way.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic pressures.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if you teach feeling with feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, but if it's cartional can make a lot more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this on the practice, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional home of an African-American family dominated by a matter, which was my grandmother.
It was tough, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in all discussion.
She started a lot of the dictionary in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been scale.
His parents were born on the slavery in Virginia about 1810.
She was born on 1880 and his experience with slavery as the way the world.
She was hard, but it was also love.
When I was small and I looked at her, she was approaching me and gave me a good hug.
I was so lucky that I could barely breathe, and then I felt.
One or two hours later, I came back to her, and he said, "Brain, still feel my arm."
And if I told him that no, I would get back again and if he told him I know, I left peace.
I had this human quality that I would always be able to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 kids.
My mother was the youngest of 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to catch his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, nine years, I woke up a morning, and I went into the room and they were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and smile her, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she took up, you go back the room, and he said, "You see Brander. We are going to be British. We are going to be able to save.
I remember this like yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said, "Brain, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone to anybody.
I said, "All right, Mama.
She said, "And she said, "You know, I'm not going to do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat at me, and he said, "I want you to know I've been watching you.
And I said, "I think you're special."
He said, "I think you can do whatever you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise me three things, Brazil.
I said, "I said, "Mamma."
And he said, "The first I want you to promise me is you always want your mother."
And Adah, she's my history, and you have to promise that always the cards.
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mama, so I'll do it."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise me is that you will always do the right thing that the right thing is the difficult?
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mama. So I'll do it."
Then I finally said, "The third thing I want you to promise me is that you have never bears.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mama, so I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural south -- I have a brother year and a sister of a younger year.
When I was 14 or 15, a day my brother came home with a little bit of six beers, I don't know where I did, will I grab my sister and me, and we went for the forest.
We just get the madness.
He took a beer of beer. I offered my sister -- she took a little bit and offered me.
I said, "No, no, no. It's okay. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Go today. And you do it. And you always do the same thing that we do.
I already took something, your sister as well.
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can follow.
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What's going on? You take a celebration?
It took me up with the force and I said, "Oh, not that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mama.
I said, "But what are you talking about.
He said, "Mammo tells you all the grandchildren.
I went away.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will be distributed to it.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I have never taken a cold cold.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtue. I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right kind of identity of identity, we say things to others that really don't see them sense.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe power.
I think that my grandmother was actually thought that all his grandchildren were special were special.
My grandfather had been in the problem.
My kids died of age-related disease with alcohol.
And these were the things that I was about it, we had to communicate.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than 40 years ago.
In 1970, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There's 2.3 million.
In the United States we have the largest incarceration of the world.
We have seven million people in ordinary freedom.
And this massive particle, in my view, has changed fundamentally our world.
In poor communities or black communities, you find so much destiny, so much despair -- determined by these facts.
One of every three black between the 18 and the 30 years is in jail, or in ordinary freedom.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Fillen, Baltimore in 50 to 60 percent of all the young people in color are in jail, or the global freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race -- it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a judicial system that makes you much better if you're rich and guilty that if you're poor and enough.
It's not cupication, but wealth is what the results of the results.
And it seems like we feel very transition.
The politics of fear and the flow makes us believe that these are not problems.
We are declined.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, just like other states, you provide the rights for always if you have a criminal control.
Right now in Alabama. 34 percent of the black male population has always lost the right to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the loss of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before they would take the law of the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where you feel 10 years to die in prison.
We have this prison prison country for children, no chances of coming out again.
Right now, we're in some limits.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the death of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In some sense, you've taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die by the crimes of commitment?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it, it's not about decide to decide whether people deserve to die by the committed crimes but if we deserve to kill it.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine of nine people executed -- it's identified one which is innocent that it's expensive and liberated from death of death.
A risk of mistake, an innocent of nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation would not be allowed to be a planes if every nine you would say, one would be star.
But somehow we hit the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we're going to kill it.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I tell you about terror, the time that began at the end of the reconstruction and the second World War.
We don't know a lot of this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the terror.
In many communities people were afraid of being annoying.
I was worried to be bombed to be bomb.
The threat of the terror was what he defines their lives.
Now there are the older people who get close to me, and they say, "Mr. Stevenson, you say the talk, makes the people who stop saying that in our history we lived for the first time with terrorism, after the 1990s.
They ask me to say, "No, say we grew up with that."
The age of the terror, obviously, with the savings and decades of racial subjective and separation.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we run with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs to work about race -- I think it's because we're not willing to communicate with a real process and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome the rational joy without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving conference about death penalty of death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation, and he said, "You know it's good to hear what you do."
And Adam, "We don't have death in Germany.
We could never have it here.
The room was sitting in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our history, we can never get us in the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we are, international and delicious, we were going to run people."
It reflects about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany would run people, especially if you were in their ladies the ladies?
We could not take it.
It would be irrationality.
And yet, there's this disconnection.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these things that are so hard, the positive and wonderful things are, though, they are impossible.
We love innovation.
It fascinated the technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But last, those realities are rooted by suffering, the abuse, the degradation marketing?
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We just talk about the need to have more hope, the more engagement to the basic challenges of the basic world of this complex world.
I think that means more time thinking and talking about the poor, the distances, which will never get to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that's within our being.
It's true that we need to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are. Even though it will be so rational.
The development with creativity. The development comes not just the brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also by the conversation of the heart.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not just the bright and delighted -- but also in the dark and the tough thing.
Vacic Savage, the great child child, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression -- we were able to have all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, an orientation for the spirit, a volunteer for being in places of despair and being terrifically?
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED has to communicate.
There is no disconnect with technology and design, which allows us to be really humans if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exciting, to inequality, to inguilities.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's get back to them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Park.
These women will just gather to talk about.
Occasionally, Mr. Car calls me, to say, "Barden, comes Mr. Parks -- we're going to gather to talk to me.
You want to come and listen?
I said, "Yes, sir. I know what?
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come?
I said, "Let me listen up."
So I was going to go and just hear them.
It was a very life that was very living, very limited.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies -- and after a couple of hours, Ms. Park shows me, and he said, "Wow, Britain, I let me be that idea of equal justice justice justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question the inguilation.
We try to help those who have been convicted in and come away.
We try to confront the principles and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice justice.
We try to end up with the senses of life, without ordinary freedom for children.
We try to do something about death penalty to death.
We try to reduce the population in jail.
We try to end up with massive protections?
I gave him all my best speech and when I finish he looked at me, and he said, "My communist mimics.
And I said, "I would take shown us, very shown.
At that moment, Ms. Car leaned me, I put my finger on the face and said, "It's why you have to be very but very worth.
I believe that actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find the way to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my job.
I've been educating in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher to the worst thing that we have changed.
I think that's true for all the world on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie. It's not because it's a liar.
So I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not that it's a look.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a cast.
So I think there's a basic dignity in the people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
And I really think that in many parts of the poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very underging very entirely, very extraordinary -- not going to judge for our technology, for our design, not for our intellectual and rational capacity.
At the end of the end of the end of a society, not in the way they treat the rich and powerful and privilege, but the way they treat the poor, the conditions, the prisons.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really profound issues about what we are.
In occasion, I feel stranged. I'm going to finish with a story.
Sometimes I make it too much strength.
I get tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in a very important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been feeling with a lot of it.
I go to the prison, and I see my 13 customers of 13 and 14 years, who have been happy for them to judge as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge will turn someone in what isn't it?
He judge the judge as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night I was sorry about thinking -- I think for God, if the judge can become something that you don't are, it has to have magical powers.
Yes, Brenza, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask a little bit of that.
As I was very late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a motion.
He had a 14th years old, a little, black, black.
I started working on the mother, with a chance that said, "Mother for my black custom of 14 years is treated as a private back of 75 years old, executives of a corporation?
In the room I put there there had been driving behavioral in the cause, in the behavior of the police and in the process.
There was a line about how this country is no ethical -- but a lack of ethics in the country.
The next morning I woke up thinking about that little motion would be a dream, or I really wrote.
For my horrible, I didn't just have done it, but I had sent it to the current.
About two months, I would have forgotten it.
And finally I decided --  God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I went up to the car and felt really survived, advantaged.
I went into the car to judgment.
I thought this would be very difficult and pennious.
I finally got out of the car. I walked the judgment.
I was going on the stairs when I found a big black man, it was the construction of the judge.
When he saw me, he came up to me, and he said, "Who is you?
I said, "I'm a adapt? He said, "It's you have? I said yes.
So it was approved to me, and I opened up.
And I joined in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that it was life.
That was deeply connected with my interest, with my identity with the capacity that we all have to contribute the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience.
When I go inside, the judge saw me.
He said, "Mr. Stevenson, you write this mother mother?
I said, "Yes, Mr. I went to me, and we start to discover.
People started to go. They were all individual.
I was the one I had written those madness.
The police came in the police phones -- the addicts came up.
Suddenly, not knowing how the room was full of people, and all of them because we were talking about race because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the rid of the eye he reached to see the sun I was going and came from.
I looked at the window and he was striking to hear all that scream.
I keep walking up here and for there.
Finally, this old black old, with face of worry, walked into the room and sat behind me, almost on the labor table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge described a recession.
In the course of the course of the algae of the algae was shown because the answer had entered the room.
The assistant.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black was standing up in the story, I looked at the assistant, and he said, "I looked at this young audience to tell this young man who keeps his view on the goal with fire.
I have come to TED because I think a lot of you understand that the moral bow of the universe is very big, but it folds to the justice.
We can't be really evolved if we don't care about human rights and the dignity.
That our survival.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity need to lead to the franticiant, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the pressures that share this, I just want to tell you that you keep the view on the goal with fire.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just hear and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your prices, to do something.
Something that's not a check. What can we do?
BJ: There are a number of close opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for instance, there will be a spring in which you will make a effort to restore the funds that are spending today in punishment policy.
For instance, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in death penalty in the next five years. A billion dollars.
And in spite of this, 40 percent of the healthcare cases don't think of arrivers.
Eighty-five percent of rapes don't get to anything.
Here's an opportunity of change.
This repuration is going to propose that they have these funds to make the law, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge descendants in the U.S. in the United States in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it tells you that it has to do with the largest incarceration rate.
What would you tell you what you think is it?
JS: In fact, the criminal rate rate with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in the country is not by crimes with violence.
It's the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase in the prison population.
And we let us convince the retirement of the custom.
We have three legal causes to bring people to hip period, for stealing a bikes, for small crimes against property, rather than making those resources back into their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of the crime and not less.
It seems like our current philosophy about punishment doesn't do anything for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Bring, you have been comfortable today here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having to come to TED. Thank you.
Locket: They grow the threats for the death of Bin Laden.
Lock 2: famine in Somalia. For 3: Three protective gas.
Lock 4: The short crisis. It put doctor. Muccummer.
Lock 6: Social Decordination. So Mothollaper 8: 65 dead.
Lock eight, Alarance of tsunami -- Loi 1.9 Courts.
A number of locality? War the name. War massive destruction. Torsome.
Recently recession. Backboard. Eice.
Crisis. Death desire.
Oh, my God.
Peter Dingardy." These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, they typically could be for the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the press media prefer to give us together negative news because our minds give them attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every single day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can probably process.
And as nothing matters that you can survive, the first standing of all that data is an old friend of the temporal lobe called a amygdala called a friend.
The amygdala is our elevation of earth earth, the danger detector.
Order and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us damage.
So a dozen of stories will be going to look at the negative.
That old represent of the press, "If there's blood, you sell -- it's very true.
And because all of the digital devices give us negative news seven days in the week, 24 hours a day, not to extract that we are perspective.
You don't surprise that people think that the world goes out of bad in worse.
But maybe not.
Maybe instead what happens is that we get distributions.
Maybe the huge progress done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems, the climate change, the extinction of species, the state of the water and energy, and we have that we have.
As humans are very good to avoid the problems, and in the long time, we just have them.
We analyzed it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life is more than doubled -- the average income per capita period has been tripled around the world.
The childhood mortality has been reduced 10 times.
In addition, the cost of the food, of electricity, of transportation and communications, has been 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pennihna showed us that we're living the most peaceful time of human history.
And Charles Ken that the world's literacy spent 25 percent of 80 percent over the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget.
And we keep getting higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in the United States, a lot of people who live under poverty poverty have electricity, water, free, meeting, monitoring air conditioning and cars.
The blood marines of the last century, the planets on the planet, would never have dreamed with such luxury.
So supporting a lot of this is the technology and, finally, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes in technology of the information comes up in this curve -- the Moore's Law, and doubling the performance of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile cell that they have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and 1,000 times faster than a supercomputer of the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to see two things in this curve.
First, the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times, in the war and in peace, and in the cancer, in recession and accountability.
It's the result of quick computers used to build more fast.
It doesn't stop to none of the big challenges.
And even though it's recorded on a law on the left, it is curve it up.
The growth rate of technology is in it as much faster and faster.
And in this curve, at Moore's Law, there is a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of August call infinite computing, sensors and networks, the robotics, the 3D printing, and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, the synthetic biology, the fuels, the vaccines and food, the damages and the food, the digital medicine, the names and the Ira.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in "Jeopardy" of Watson from IBM: Giver."
It was spin.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that would be.
And I loved this: Watson comes to human opportunities?
"Jeopardy" is not a easy game.
It plays with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Single University Sincedent.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And each year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, which can be able to affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people.
Thirty years ago that would be absurd about.
We can point a dozen companies that you've already done.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean to create luxury for each of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that's a scale and go back it.
You see, the scan is a context and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Napoleon IID in the middle of 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the King of Sim.
The Taliban troops came up with silver, and the same National, with gold.
But the King of Sim, I eat with aluminum complete.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, it goes more than the gold and the planet.
So the point of the monkey to Washington is algorithm.
You see, although the aluminum is 8.3 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's led by oxygen and the silence.
But then you get the electronics and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was shooting.
Let's project this analogy into the future.
So let's think about energy scanner.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are on a damaged planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 minutes of energy every 18 minutes.
It's not about scarce, but of action.
And there is good news.
So this year, for the first time, the cost of solar power in India is 50 percent less than the generation of the growth, eight rupees.
The cost of solar power fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, the MIT published a study that shows that in the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, the solar power will cost six cents the military per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have an abundance of energy we also have an abundance of water.
Let's talk about the wars for water.
Remember when Carl Savage announced the Voyager Space Sweden at Earth, in 1990, after Saturn, Saturday country?
I took a famous picture of a famous picture. How did you call it?
"A pale limb point.
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 99 percent is salt water, 25 percent is ice, and we fought for the percent of the planet, but there's also a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes from, the names.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen, this morning, one of the bringing innovations -- I'd like to share with you, I gave you permission to do -- his technology called Synanger -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- that is the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand polishing water to the day of any source -- white water, water water, a letter -- for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola has just agreed to make a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out right, and I have full of it to be confidence, which is, Cock will implement it in 200 countries on the planet.
This is an innovative innovation for this technology that is today.
And we've seen it.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile penetration in the developing world for the end of 2012.
Think of it, that mass land has better mobile communications in Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, of course, with a smartphone cell with Google, has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information of information and communications that no one could have predicted before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- GDP, video librarians, and music, books of medical diagnosis and music, medical diagnosis technology -- now they demonstrate and lose market value with the phones.
Maybe the best thing is when you add your health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure of announcing with the Sammadi Foundation called the Grandmother X Transport, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world so that they combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk, and because it has Thailand, you can pull blood from the finger of fear.
To win it has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there is no doctor, where the carbon charge is 25 percent and 1.3 percent of health worker.
When this device sequence a reven of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize it, call the health of health, and first of all, avoiding the pandemic.
But this is the most force of producing an abundance world.
I call it a billion on advance.
The white lines of here are the population.
We just spent the brand of seven billion billion.
By the way, the best protection against the demographic explosion is to treat the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it'll happen from two billion to five billion users of Internet users.
Three billion minds have never heard before the global conversation.
What are these people?
What do you get? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse we'll have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they will get more health because of the Tragic of a better education with the Academy Academy with the Achie Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computation in the cloud will be more productive than never before.
What can you provide 3,000 million more members of humanity, healthy and productive products?
What about a few voices never before?
What if we give you the perfect, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time?
What will these 3,000 million.
And if they're contributions that we can't predict.
Something that I learned with the X X is that small teams -- raised by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that you could only do the big corporations, and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you already know.
It's called Philadelphia.
He came at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino and figure out how the protein will be played.
The folds determine structure and functionality.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a computer problem.
They've played with this university professors, between others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people came up and started to play it.
And it's demonstrated that today the recognition of human patterns is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power to use the big challenges of the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the bringing of the brick.
We have the capital of the lever.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have in front of a few extraordinary decades in front of them.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The corruption of the participation point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before you give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my hero.
He was here, as you know, in 1833.
You may think they put penguins, but it wasn't like that.
I actually collect fish.
And I described one of them as a very common.
It was the beginning.
I weighed it very much up until the 1930s.
Now, the fish is on the Red Ride of UNIR.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that doesn't have any special thing.
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're printer.
The flies still say that they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept.
Because I was there in 1971.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could interact.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The language was surrounded with painters, and, as you can see, of a mangrove one.
There were a quarter of about 20 cents, the black bar.
And the fishing of this twin was very abundant and passed for a good moment, so it was getting more than the average in Ghana.
When I was there 27 years later, the number of fish had gone into half.
They had the five centimeters there.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I went up in the introduction of land fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, we started in 1960. Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing device was supposed to impose countries that were already 100 fishing fishermen, and you can make them industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called the Fut Four.
I went out to fishing on it, and we did studies in southern China of Meniha of Meniha of Meniha of Meniha in the Marine of Javida.
What we captured there was something incredible.
We captured it, I know the sea of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were strings, other animals that are in the background.
And most of the fish are tiny about a few of these, these are a little bit of coral reefs.
In short, the sea of the sea came into the cover and then was run.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then starts the mall.
The background is going to be a solid coral background in this case, to be a land.
This is a dead torth.
They didn't eat them. They missed them because they were dead.
Once we catch a live.
I was still not taken up.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
So this mountain of rest is what the fishermen will pick up in the fishermen every time you go to a zone that they've never ever ever had.
But it is not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the particular point -- the new level, without remembering what I was there.
If we drive this something like this.
In the axis, we have a good thing, biodiversity -- lots of boxes, the true of the country, the water supply.
And that changes with the time. Changing because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images on the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and extractive it forward.
The difference is they perceive the loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the change of changes.
And at the end of keeping a little bit of terrible remains.
And that, in big measure, is what we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer -- or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when the predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very plentiful -- before the extinction, it's little frequently.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose an animal principles.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on the big animals, and in a sense of feeling of big fish.
They become sort of frequent because we fishing.
Over time you get a few fish, but we think that's the part of the game.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists will question that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in an earlier way, not the way that they expect to have the evidence.
So for instance, the anecdote that some of them presents -- like they captured such as they captured such a lot of fish in this zone cannot be used, or usually don't use the scientists of fish, because it's not scientist?
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in instruction societies because they don't trust the sources.
And there is the huge role that can make a protected marine area.
Because with the protected areas, we really remember the past.
So let's take the past that people can't conceive because the Party portion has gone down, and it's extremely low.
That is for the people who can see a protected marine zone and they can benefit from the vision that provides it, which allows them to erase your particular point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access -- like people in the Middle East, for instance, for example.
I think that arts and cinema might fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Chein Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales on the Chest Bay, 500 years ago.
And you will have noticed that mathematics and transitions are like "America."
And if you think about "American, if you think why people have been engaged with the movie -- not to talk about the history of Phones -- why will you get to the picture?
Because it fits something that, in a sense, has lost.
So my pick up, the only thing I will do, is to Cameron -- make "Amaz "Air under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alge, the YouTube trend crossing, and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So we're going to see why video videos are making viral and what importance has that.
We all want to be stars? celebrity. Caline, catching, crime -- when I was more young, that seemed very, very difficult thing.
But today, the video is making any of us, or our actions, copper swimming in a part of our world culture.
And anyone can be made on the Internet in a sand.
It's over 48 hours from video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, just a little percentage gets viral -- it gets infinite and winning cultural monkey.
How does that happen?
Three things: the creatives of trends, companies of participation, and surprise.
Well, let's start started.
Beatrice Vascondum. Oh, my God, my God.
My God.
Wow.
Oh, guild.
KA: Last year, Beatrice Seven published this video shot out of his home in the Boston National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the audience of the last summer.
Bearing doesn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a little bit of arm.
That's what you do if it's called People Mountain Beauti.
It had been a lot of videos of nature.
This video had been published on January.
So what happened here?
It was Jim Kimmer.
Jim Kimme published this tweet that would kill the video to the popular.
The creations of trends like Jim Zimbabwe are present new and interesting things and give them into a wider audience.
Rebecca Black,  -- it's Friday Friday, Friday -- you have to start Friday --  -- everybody wants to get the end of week, the end of week.   Shan, Friday sending the Friday --  KA: You don't think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"Losont of Repuse Black is one of the most popular videos in the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
As "Or "Alton, this video seemed to have gone out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday -- it's true.
And if you ask that other peace, they are also Friday here.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday in particular.
Well, I took it to Toring Toring, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Neles, from Rosetta Science Theodina, was one of the first people in making a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a bunch of trends of trends are adopting a view of view and share it with a wider audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great inner joke then starts talking about that and do things.
And now there are 10,000 people from Viner in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the global entertainment of the 20th century, this community participating is our way of being part of the phenomenon -- or doing something new with that.
"Well Cattel, it's a repetitive animation with a musician card.
This is this way.
This year was about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, they know there's a three hours of three hours that has seen four million times.
Until the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet cell community.
There were remains.
Somebody did a version of the old one.
And then it was international.
All of a sudden, it came up with a whole community of remover that made this going to happen to be a dumb joke to something that we can all form part.
Because we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Or Robert Britain, or Rebence Black, or "Well Cattel."
So what could I have written to do that situation?
In a world where you get two days of video for minute, just that really only and unexpected thing can afford the way that these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protests against the muscles in New York, I admit that I'm not interested in too much.
Casey National." I was driven by not circular by the science, but there are often obstacles that give you very much of the science.
KA: Thank you at the surprise and his humor, Casey Sting was able to get five million and understand his idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new that we do in creative way.
And all of this leads us to a big question.
Beatrice Vascoming, what does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
The creatives of the trend, creative communities of participation, the totally unexpected -- are features of a new kind of media -- in a new culture, to which we all have access and is the audience that defines the popularity of chance.
As I said earlier, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justine Berin, began in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
We're all a little bit of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- it's just the media of the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a story.
It's a puzzle that is still standing.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning the work of a whole life.
This is a poet, a billion, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communities come into Sature, by having the fact that his life had been fully in a vention.
The words, for so much time friends, now they were blinding it.
It reflects in the silence.
I died in the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not going to let that have been in a vention, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to be staying, but we support it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat in the bottom of a book by using silent to sea.
My mother, May, I had just 18 years when his father died, and a marriage card and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a task alone, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was uncomfortable for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years that challenges the fiction, a boat was afraid to the described sea of fishing sea.
All the adults knew the risk.
The biggest fear was the pieces, the rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a friend with poison.
If you caught us, first of you would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine -- the sun is going on in every wave, and the vast and empty horizon, vacuum.
I don't remember the pieces that came several times, but they were stuck with the courage of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't run for six hours.
But I know the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaria, and the young man who collapsed and died, to fund the journey it was too much for him, and the first apple I had, given for the men of the platform.
No apple was the same subject.
After three months in a refugee camp, we used in Melth.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations by shaping a new life together.
We set up in Population, a kind of kind of kind of kind of cloud operates whose population is completely completely composed.
Unlike the middle class subjects, which is the existence of my existence, in Population, there was no sense of the rights.
The origins that came from the stores were the rest of the world.
And English English fragments were trading between people who had one thing in common. They were starting again.
My mother worked on fat, then on a line of cars, working six days, double turn.
And yet, I found time to study English and get a title on the information.
We were poor.
All of the dollars were assistantly, and established an extra extra in English and math, no matter what you should take up, that it usually was new clothes, it always was second hand.
Two parts of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the goals, because he had to last six years.
And there were just short and painful on the "doubt eyes, and some graffiti -- "Assistance, come home.
Home, where?
Something in me is reading.
I was accumulating determination and a voice who said, "I'm going to support them.
My mother, my sister and I sleep in the same bed.
My mother was damaged every night, but we were telling us about our day and hear the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffers standards, all the boat.
And my task was to be wake up until his flash would be able to be able to take it.
She opened a computer store, then I studied to be street and open another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition of the transition and the uniquestion and influencing kids and training in the two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and patterns.
And they created center.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student -- it will be involved with what I demand with myself.
In the other one, I was right in price lives, transitional by violence, the drug of drugs and the institution.
But many of a lot of them got through the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, they chose my young Australian young of the year.
And I was cartider from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit up.
So read, Internet anticipation of Population, I was now Leaven and satisfying and invited to talk about sites I had never heard of a name, and in houses whose existence she would never imagine.
I didn't know the protest.
I didn't know how to use the covered.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to get back to the ruthers and the driver of life in a subject in a subject -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did it for nearly 20 years, telling you for nearly 20 years, by telling each one of the day of each one and holding asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
I remember that I had now the same age that she had when we went into the boat.
The "I had never been an option.
"I said, "I don't know what I'm not all.
So I talked about youth the youth and education and education and designed to the marketing and despaired them.
And the more frankly, the more I was still raised to talk about.
I met people from all the roads of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the border of the possible.
And even though I finished my license, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer.
There's another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that is good to be a unknown, a recent arrived, new on the scene -- and not just it's fine, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because it can easily mean to be able to be able to collapse the horizon, it can easily mean to accept the pressures of your provider.
I gave enough steps outside of my contract zone to know that, yeah, that the world is discovered, but not the way we go.
Possibilities that would not have been allowed by tremendously transition.
There was a energy there, an optimism implicated, a free mix of humility and value.
So I kept my intuition.
He brought a little group of people for the to the motto "I can't do it was a industrial challenge.
For a year we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, I made a giant wave of soup that we all share.
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we open up step.
I took the decision of moving to the United States.
After one journey.
My cute again.
Three months later, I had moved -- and the adventure continued me.
Before I end, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Constructions was the social normal and the local Mandeland was the person who would matter.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died after she was born.
The mother was raised alone.
At 17, it became a concert of a Mandarin whose mother whose mother was striking it.
No support of your husband, it caused a flight by telling him and take the cause itself, and much more revolutionary caused when he wins.
You can't do it to be error.
I was on the shower in the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died, at 1,000 miles, at Melth.
I looked through the morning of the shower and I saw it from the other side.
I knew I had come to speak.
My mother call minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Pottern and sat around her athlete.
We tell him stories and we make sure we were still with it.
At night a man came up and told us I had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked her to a month, "Why is her hand is hot, and the rest of the body so crush?
"Because you have taken his hand from the morning, he said.
"You have no solid.
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Since we were and how life formed us, we can now see that men who would have come into our lives that would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have been very easily.
Now I want to have my own children, and I ask me about the boat.
Who could do that for it?
However, I fear the privilege of how easy the way, the right.
Can I give you a position in your lives, and it will be worth in every wave, the show of the motor container, the very horizon that doesn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could do it and see them back up, I would do it.
Treather Nenza and also the mother of so much is here today, in the fourth or fifth line.
My story begins in Rombi about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky with the singing Sun Ali Ali.
We were telling you how nothing has changed from the time of the ancient epidemic eye "State, "The Mahama.
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a race and we ran the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when I reveale, the great Indian warrior prince -- he had side, he took a bow and a flip on the ground, I got water.
Now we do the same with the satilians and machines.
The conclusion we found was that the machinery had replaced the magic.
And that's a lot.
Every time I felt a little more technology.
I terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy the ability to enjoy and appreciating an alarm if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take it to my friends.
It seemed like the technology had to allow the magic, not kill it.
As I was my grandfather my grandfather was back to me.
And this is about 50 years was for my most magical thing.
It became a broken door to a world full of images of images and breaks in my imagination.
I had the feeling that the mobile clusters, the luxury of luxury and cameras prevent that we are.
They train our inspiration.
So I launched me, I threw this technology world to see how to use it to create magic instead of killing magic.
It illustrates books since age 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative narrative that will connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
We are where we are.
Put the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly more multiple.
But what do you do that?
I'm about to launch Koharba, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "I put your fingers on every light.
And so --  says, "This box belongs -- I write my name.
And so I got a book of the book.
In many times I get a letter -- the iPad.
My little child interior is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot of magic.
And I don't mean the magic and drinks but at that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we were open of children.
For some reason, the fireflies in a jar was always exciting.
So, over here, we need to tilt the iPad.
And actually, they light your way in what the rest of the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated about child was that a whole galaxy is that a ball of a balloon.
So here, every book and every world is transformed in a nice bit that I drag into this magic device in the device.
And this opens a map.
In every book of fantasy there has always been maps, but they've been static.
This is a map that grows up, and you fell up in the rest of the book.
In some points of the book is also revealed.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and in the contemporary time.
These are the survey here.
We've all heard of the data and the nine books, but how many people outside India know their Indian satchers, the speakers.
These poor positions have been stuck in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old and lower food.
So we're bringing them back in a contemporary childhood history.
In a story that deals today like environmental crisis.
And, talking about environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, pasted to their P.C. -- they haven't gone out the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can pull our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure in which you have to go out to the edge, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
I had a lot of a child, I had a lot of collections of pains, pieces, law and concerns.
For some reason children don't do it.
So to regain this ritual of childhood childhood you have to go out, and in a chapter to take a picture to a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tag it.
So you create a digital collection of photos that then can put on the Web.
A kid in London puts a picture of a screen and says, "Oh, I saw a short.
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken by taking.
Inside the variations of connection between magic, the Earth and technology is a lot of possibilities.
In the next book we plan to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad, and the video light down, and the video is actually increasing a group of animal drinks that appear on the interior plants of the house.
In a moment the screen is full of leads.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and let them be able to read the rest of the book.
We're going to go into a world where nature forces are trained with technology and magic and technology get close to another.
We took the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic world and land and love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
So I'd like to talk about why a lot of you have -- I want to tell you about why they fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the Arabia University was giving a director of the listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little coffee cup or you ask you, and I asked patients, family and knew -- what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we used to think, that this is one of the biggest problems for what all of all, or maybe not all of all, but most of the self-driven projects, because we stop listening.
This is my dark Wikipedia. It's a very simple thing.
It has a ping of fire and came off.
All the morning was supporting.
And yeah, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge of getting to 95 K.C.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I sends my information to Google Health.
And my medical doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is not at the same time in which I need to have carbon assistance or some urgency.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every morning connects me to my dark Wire business and before I went back to my car, people start to me? Luck, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because I could use for obesity, and also so that patients stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move the people of their chairs and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week.
This little market connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will, from their houses, to take their art pressure to send it into their doctor, and share it with others, for instance, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they come back to regain control and become capitalists of their own boat, but it can also help us to care care about the challenges that we face -- like the challenges of the costs of the medical attention, the doubling of the costs of medical attention, the doubling of demand and other issues.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to involve patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by criminal.
And one of the things we did wanted to share with you.
We all have control control in cars.
Maybe we can even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the automatic boxes in Malians are.
And also where all the gasses.
And of course, we can find them fast food.
But where is the closest DNA to help this patient?
We ask, but nobody knew.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA saves on this point.
What we did was make criminal in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public -- you see a DNA, please send it, and when it's open, because when it's open, because they sometimes open up in the office of office and others are closed.
And more than 10,000 DNA is already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we did an application for the iPad.
We created an application for Law, reality really, to find these DNA at finding these DNA.
And every time they are in the city of Martin and someone collapses -- you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks to use his cell cell from Microsoft to find the nearest DNA to find the nearest DNA closed -- which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this, not just like USA U.S., which is the name of the product, but as a SARDA American.
And we want to start it globally.
We're constructing all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act like a center for the DNA criminal around the world.
Every time you are from vacation and someone collapse can be a patient or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I would also like to invite companies around the world that could help us make these DNA to achieve these DNA.
You could be message of message or phone people, for instance, to see whether the DNA that shows is still in their place.
Please in the end, and not just improve the health, but to take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my mind.
Or is it the photography."
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take their cameras with their cameras.
My interest in the photograph, I woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
I mix with my previous passion for the drawing but it was a little different because when you use the camera the process was in the planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends when you press the puline.
For me, the photograph had more to see with being in the right place, at the indication of the indication.
It seemed like anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start to press the puline.
Potents like this: a building in a very transported road correct.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite it, it keeps a level of real.
Or photos like these darks and colors at once, but with the common goal of keeping the real level.
And when I say reality I say.
Because, of course, it's not something that can be captured, but I always want it to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
Potents where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that we can catch a moment.
But what's the trick that makes you seem true.
Is it the details.
Do you have the light?
What do you create the illusion.
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But the end is about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a repuration of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and we put together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
So here we have three perfectly imaginary objects -- something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that still seems three-dimensional as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know that it doesn't exist.
So let's take the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that really doesn't have sense.
And I see the same process when you combine the photographs.
It's really going to really combine different reality.
And the things that make a picture look like -- I think they're those where we don't even think about the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining photographs is very important to consider it, because otherwise something is going to be wrong.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to get the real results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Secondly, the pictures combined to have the same kind of light.
And these two images filled with these requirements, they were taken on the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect one.
It has to be impossible to see where the picture.
This is another example.
You might think that this is the image of a landscape and the lower part is managed.
But this picture is totally composed for photographs of different places.
In the staff that I think is easier to create a place to find it because you don't need to put the ideas that you have on the head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter, I knew I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For instance, the fish was captured on a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The subject was captured in a piece of stone.
And yeah, I even did red the home of the island of the island so that it looks more Sweden.
So in order to get a realistic result I think you need planning.
It always begins with a boat, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very good.
If you do a good job to take the photos the result can be very beautiful, and at the very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limits is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it.
It's a diagram anybody who took from a portfolio of mine.
I'm not interested in so much to show you the details.
It's about an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD Michael versus the power of local area networks.
The interesting thing about this is that this is like a lot of other people that we use to see is sort of a straight line on logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step of here represents an order of magnitude, in the performance scale.
I'll talk about technology with serious curves is a novel thing.
Here's something bizarre here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights.
I needed more intensity, because I would write about paper.
Why do we plot technology in logarithmic scales.
The answer is that if you draw them into a normal curve in which, let's say, these are the years, or some of the units of time, and this would be any measure of technology that I'd like to remember, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't tell a lot.
But if a graph, for instance, some other technology, like transport, in a secreting curve would be very silly, we see a straight line.
But if something like this, it's given a qualitative change.
If the technology of transport would move as fast as the microbians of microbes, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move at that rhythm.
There is no president in the history of the technology of the technology of a relative growth that every few years advance of magnitude.
The question I want to play is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
It's one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve I know like this until it holds something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So now we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I try to ask you, and ask me, what is that new way that adopted the world?
How new state is going on the world?
The transition seems very, very confusing, if we're immense in it.
I remember that the future happened in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been finished, year after year, along my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
We can feel it. We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will all be so different that we are doing today doesn't have any sense.
So I want to talk about how it might be, how could that transition that we experience.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and I.T.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at things in the long term.
The scale of time that I'd like to do this is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we took about 250 million years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals who were floating around it.
If you look at the way those chemicals are organized to give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and it's that, at that moment, had floating a little bit of oil.
So some of those oil oil had a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials of the outside and the grounds grew grew up grew up.
And they started to split.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, those oil colors.
But those goals were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a chemical recipe of chemicals.
And every time they gave you a distances of the chemicals.
So every click was a little bit different.
In fact, the grounds that somehow have become better than the time of incorporating the circuit chemicals, they grew more chemical and split more chemicals and split more.
They usually live more time, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things were interesting when these cats learned the trick of abstraction.
In some way that we don't really understand these goals to be able to store information.
They learned to get information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked on this evolution of a sense, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have been standing in a stable since they evolved 250 million years ago.
Our receptors, our genes have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun, and now we can write things with this code.
So here I have 100 milligrams of white dust trying to hide the security people of the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data on this DNA fragment and I hit it 10 to the 20 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card to have a lot of the present -- in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If it was an electron would have put it in a virus and would have happened it by the room.
What was the next step.
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells were happy another billion years old.
But then another great step step in which things were very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information forming these cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for instance, for instance, they evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid the penicillin, and they caught them to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are a lot of resistant to penicillin, because the bacteria are communicating together.
This communication gave you to form communities that, in a way, they were together in that, and they set up a synthetic.
So they survive or failed together, or whether a community was very successful all the individuals of that community, they replicated more and they were favorable by evolution.
And the point of inflection happened when these communities came up with so much that, in fact, they joined and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next stage stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage, we have multicellular communities of many different cells of different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The cell of the skin doesn't sound without the heart, or the muscles of the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So, these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell cell -- something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These began to look at information.
And to build very special structures that were not doing more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community to be the responsible structures to record and understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals, the learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for instance, learn to not eat certain because I knew bad and got sick the last time that the comet.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these process of information processing that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals who ate that fruit fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system builds those kinds of information to accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in the time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for instance, the most refined version we know is human language.
If you think about it, it's an amazing invention.
I have a very complicated idea, and I have a vague in your head.
I'm sitting here by taking a little bit of fat, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in his heads that I guarantee some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated, we take it in sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as a organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've been starting to do airplanes.
Now we spend for the similar periods of the multicellular organisms, we look at our regions of record, present and processing information.
For instance, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The television, the challenge, the video of video, the CDP, the CDP and so forth -- are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that makes us in something much bigger and faster and able to evolve.
Now evolution can happen in microscope.
You saw the evolutionary example of tea where it produced a certain evolution with the conventional program, in our eyes.
And now we've got the scales of time again.
The first stages of the story that I told them was a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language, and they took less than a million years.
And the next ones, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades ago.
The process is relatively, I guess, alternative is the right word to name something that accelerates their own rate of change.
The more it change, the more I do it.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see that the process is relative.
But I give me life designing computers and I know that the mechanisms that jobs to design them wouldn't be possible.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know it does every transistor in that machine of connections.
There are billions of millions.
Instead of that, with the designers of Thanka Machines, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it on the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't be able to, it gets much more far and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it employed methods that we don't even understand.
A particularly interesting method that I have been using is the evolution itself.
We put inside the machine a evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microscope.
And for instance, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We said, "Please computer can you run a hundred million sequences of instructions to the rether?
Could you run these sequences of instructions to random, to run all those programs, and take those who are more approximate to what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
So let's say that I want to try and give a simple example.
So we find the programs that are closer to ordinary numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequence of instructions. They ordered numbers, so none of them got it.
But one, luckily, it could be two numbers in the right order.
And I said, computer, you could take 10 percent of those random sequences that you better did the task?
We take those and we choose to the rest.
And now we reproduce the best people who were the best of the numbers.
And let's go back to reproduce it following a process of recording angel to sex.
We take two programs that give children children, which will be inspired survives, and that children inherit the properties of both program.
So we got a new generation of programs product from the combination of programs that had a little more success.
And we say, "Please represents the process?
It's going to qualify again.
It introduces some mutations.
And I try again and repeat with another generation.
Well, every generation is a few milliseconds.
So, I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases in a few minutes in a few minutes in charges.
At the end of the end, we ended up with programs that are absolutely perfect.
In fact, they're a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't tell you how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strange programs.
But they take the food.
In fact, I know, I have the safety that you get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives depended to do it.
Once I was in a 747 with Mark Minister and she pulled a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of parties who work together to offer a safe flight. You don't make you feel transport?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we start to depend on computers to make processes of good design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering does.
However, we don't understand all the choices that we are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so you can run these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it's relative.
The thing is getting more and faster, and that's why I think it looks like as construction.
Because all these technologies are repairing.
We're speaking.
And we are in a moment of analog organisms when it became multiple.
We are the commons and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the influence point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arranging of our part to think that we're the final product of evolution.
And I think that all of us are part of the creation of what it is to come.
But now it's the lunch, and I think I'm going to stop here before they shut me.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that needs to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I have an exercise long time to let it be part of my false privacy on that.
Before I treat the subject of my talk, we talk a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end of the end of the World Series.
We love the baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to go out of connection to the rules, talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'm focused on one of them and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called battle.
And we talked about 300,000 of a battle that is 300.
So what that means is that the bit of the baby of the baby of the baby effectively. Three of 10 times.
That means to launch the ball to the game of play without being adapt, and that anyone who tries to launch it to the first base, don't get in time, and the second basis will be saved.
Three 10.
You know how they call a 300 bank at the Great Lights?
Well, really well, maybe the team of stars.
You know how they call a baseball bank.
By the way, that's someone that 10 hits -- four.
Lego legal Ted William, the last player of the largest Life of Bosis to run over 400 hits in a regular season season.
Now we bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you have approaching and they are delivered to a surgeon that has also a 400 percent record in speakers.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now you know that they live in a place and you live in a place and a wanted to be wanted to have two observation stress and his family doctor gave it to a cardiology whose record in angiogenesis.
But you know something?
She's getting a little bit of this year.
And their archites have been 250.
This is not working.
But I'm going to ask you.
What do you believe that you should be the average of the architecture of a heart surgeon or orthopedic surgeon from a nurse or a program of a grandmother or a program of an embracement.
100,000 very well.
And the truth of the point is that no one in the medicine knows the arts of a good surgeon of a doctor or a doctor.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I include it, with the man of being perfect.
And they never have a mistake and worry about figuring out how to do it right.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical medicine.
I was a computer observation.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldan was studying up to a blood.
So that it.
I studied in my little devil, in the head of nurses of the General Development of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my anatomy class, memory the origin and the muscle job, the branching of every artery, which comes out of the attention, the dysfunctional diagnosis and the non-time distant diagnosis and the non-time.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to run the kidney tube.
And as as much as I used more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And I run from medicine school with the impression of that if I memorize everything -- then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because I would join my errors.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mr. Drugs.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the Lord Droney to the emergency service where I worked.
At the moment I was assigned in the moment of cardiology service.
And when the emergency started to join a cardiologist to go into that patient patient.
And to inform the head of residents and information.
When I saw Mr. Dr Grandmother, I was drinking.
I hear a bright sound.
And when I add it up, I heard a book on both sides -- what I had a collective heart failure.
In these conditions the heart stops to work, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes into the lungs, and these are full of blood, and that's why there is difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnosis.
I did it and I went to work on the treatment I would give him.
I gave him adaptation and medication to raise the pressure in his heart.
I gave him a dirty, and I gave him diagnoses, so I could choose liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And there was when I ate the first mistake or sent her to her home.
Actually, I eat two more errors.
I sent her to his home without talking to the head of residents with the question.
I didn't raise the phone and I did what I should have done, which was to call my boss and tell him to him for him to see it.
And if my boss would have seen it would have been able to be able to take a regular information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, which I could take care of my patients without even counting my boss to me.
The second mistake I ate was worse.
When I send it to his house, I didn't put attention to a voice in my inner who said, "Grave, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked her to the nurse that he was looking at Mrs. Drug Drama, "Do you think it's good if you go into your home?
And the nurse I thought, and then he said with total natural natural -- "Yeah, I think I'm fine."
I remember that like yesterday.
So I signed the high one, and the ambulance of the paradigm had taken her home.
And I went back to the hospital.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad performance in the stomach.
But I kept with my job.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where my car was my car to go home. At that moment I did something that I don't usually do it.
I went through the emergency service in the way home.
And there is another nurse, I don't know that the Grandmother Droney was like, but another one, he told me three words, those three words that most of the medical media medical medical medical doctors.
Other specialists are afraid too, but there's a particular in emergency and is that we see the putting patients.
The three words are, you know?
"Do you remember the patient who sent his home?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"You know, she came back, with the same voice.
She was okay.
But I went back and back to death.
As a time of having had come home to his house, after I gave him the high -- he suffered a collapse and his family called 9111, the paradigm was brought into the emergency of the serious pressure of 50 million dollars, which means a severe shock.
I just went up and was blue.
The staff staff is going on all of their resources.
They gave him medication to get the art pressure.
And they put a artificial breath.
I was comfortable and made up to the cord.
I had a mixture of feeling because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy and hoped against all hope that would be recovered.
And in the two or three days I was very obvious to never wake up.
He had a injury brilliant damage.
The family.
And in eight or nine days, they came up to what was happening.
And on the ninth day, they let them go. The Drom Dr wife, a mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I punish for it, and experienced for the first time the wonderful shame that exists in our medical culture, and I sat alone with me, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk about it with your colleagues.
You make the patients and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves an teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad in the inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was a bad one, but we are bad.
And that's that I felt.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a little bit.
I spoke to the family and I'm sure it would be the things and sure they wouldn't tell me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why don't I ask my boy? Why did I send her to her home?
And in my worst moments, why did I eat a risk so done?
Why do I choose medicine?
It was a little bit of that feeling was discovering.
And I started to feel better.
And in a regular day, he opened up the sky and finally came out the sun. And I was wondering if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I cut the efforts to be perfect.
And so it was.
I came back to work.
But it was going to happen.
Two years later, I was a help on the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain on the throat.
I was very busy and added up.
He pointed up here.
I looked at his throat, I was a little bit colored.
I got it into penicillin, and I sent him to her home.
But while he goes on to the door of the door, and he would take his throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my guitar change, my boss asked me to talk to me in his office.
And I put the three words? You remember you?
Does I remember the patient that I saw for a pain in the garden?
So he came back and didn't have a string standardia.
He had a potentially deadly approach called pilionation.
You can look at it in Google. It's an infection, not of the throat, but of the upper airline -- and it can cause the sea of those tracks.
He was, fortunately, not falling.
You manage antibiotics to be interviewed and recovering the few days.
And you go back the same period of shame and represents, then I came up and go back to work, until it happened again and again, and again.
Two times in the same turn of urgence, not discovering appropriation.
And it's a great effort, especially working on a hospital, because it was about 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it has been a discovered.
One of them thought I had a really cool calculation of it.
They order a radio radio radio, but a colleague that was checking into the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right-hand and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I give him liquid to rediscort and I asked my colleague to check it.
I checked it up and noticed a sense of sensitivity in the lower right side, called the surgeon.
They were both operated and they collected well.
But every case, I was terrified to me.
But I'd like to tell you that I ate the worst errors in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a job.
The most significant has been for the last five years.
Just survided and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how would I share this with my colleagues.
How do you teach them that for them to not eat the same brains?
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talk about failure, after failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course that in a party, you'll hear about the errors of other doctors, but you won't hear someone to talk about their own errors.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a transport in my hospital camputer was able to believe the wrong leg, believe me, I would have hard to look at it.
This is the system that we have.
The total negotiation of mistakes.
It's the system in which there are two positions -- those who make errors and the ones that can't sleep and the ones that you can't sleep and the ones I know.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies who start attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we take away from medicine to the people who eat mistakes, we'll be a safe system.
But that's two problems.
In 20 years about distribution and medical journalism, I've done a bad medical and medical princes to learn what possible, from the first article I wrote for the first article I wrote for the Trillion Star to my program, "White Cal, Black Art, Black Arthur, Black Art.
And what I learned is that errors are an unitrain.
We work in a system where the errors happen every day, where one of every 10 drugs written in the hospital are wrong, or the doctor is not right -- in a system where interconnection infections are increasingly and more, and more numbers, providing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24/7, 200 channels for obvious medical errors.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about business subjects, because we're not giving the problem as we should.
And that's what things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multivering every two or three years, and we don't get us in.
The privacy of the dream has all invented.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient with pain on the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest, it comes up with closed eyes and happy to alcohol and, all of a sudden, my story is kind of crazy.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot, I don't do things always as well.
And my patients are not cars. They don't fight their symptoms always in the same way.
For all of this, the errors are inevitable.
So if you take the system as you teach us, and we remove all the professional professionals to mistake, well, not to stay anyone.
And what about people don't want people to talk about their most very grandmander.
In my program, white artist, black art, and it's a complete structure, this is my worst frame? I would tell you, from the paradigm to the head of heart surgery -- "This is my worst brown, blah, blah, blah -- "What are your friends? And I will run the mic to them.
And his students would stop, they came back, they would go down the head and they would be saled and they start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to say, "Look, don't eat the same error?
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a refined medical culture.
And it begins with a doctor every time.
The rediction doctor is human -- it's a human thing, you know, you know, you accept it, and it's not proud of their mistakes, but it will be about learning from what happened to teach others.
I share your experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their errors.
It pointed out the errors of other people not with the intention of catching them out, but in a loving way and support for all of them to benefit.
And I work on a medical culture that recognizes that humans are running the system, and when this happens, they eat errors of time in the time.
My name is Brian Goldan.
I'm a rediction doctor.
I'm a human common.
And I feel a lot of it, but I'm effort to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what they think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day all?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently did a survey for more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to pick a middle American -- it's about 70 a day.
Not a lot ago, in an investigation for a week to a bunch of companies of business.
The researchers record the different tasks that are done by these executives and the time they started to make decisions related with those tasks.
They found that, in average, they accumulate 1933, work per week.
Naturally, every work included a lot of medications.
The half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only about 12 percent or more than your time.
Now think of their choices.
Do you know how many nine minutes, and how many of you have a hour?
How do you qualify the way those decisions are making?
So I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of current today, choose to choose of options.
I want to talk about the problem and a few possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to meet your answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
In another way, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give a page.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of choice school?
Thank you.
As the University of Stanford University was growing this very, very high level, at least at least in that time was very sophisticated at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at
It's called Demoram.
It was almost like going to a diversity of fun.
There was about 250 different kinds of mustard and solved, more than 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the fragmented water, and this was when we were taking water from the scream.
I loved going to that store, but in a occasion, I asked me, why never buy nothing?
This is the state of the olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were in a sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided I decided to visit the manager and said, "Do you have this strategy of offering all these options?
And he pointed me up with the fluids full of tourists who came every day, usually with his cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the feet.

They had 360 different classes.
We installed a point to show you, just the entrance of the store.
You put it out of six objects, or 24 different flavors and look at two things: First, what case people were willing to stop to test the members?
More people were given when there was 24, 60 percent, that when there was only six, 40 percent.
And we also look at what case they were more likely to buy a strong term.
Here's the opposite effect.
Those who stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy members.
Those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought members.
So if we do the calculations, people were six times more likely to buy members if they found six.
Well, I will decide that we don't buy us started to make us -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- at least it's good to get the line -- but it turns out that the problem of choices of choices will affect us in optical decisions.
We decided to not decide -- even when this is not convinced us.
Now the issue of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe you a study that I made with guru Hurn't Harbor Lemon and Wee Jane, where we looked at the decisions about savings for the retirement of about a million Americans of about 650 plans of this country.
We would be interested to see whether the number of funds available in plans of sleeping savings for retirement plans, the 404 program, we would have people to save for the future.
And we discovered that actually there was a correlation there.
We had 665 plans who were going from two, to 59 different choices.
We found that the older it was the number of offered funds -- there was less participation.
So if you look at the extreme, we see that in the plans that offer two funds -- the involvement rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you like.
And on the plans that offered about 60 funds -- the involvement rate led to the percentage 60.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there's more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So, for those who decided to participate -- the more people who decided to be the number of choices, more people were focused to avoid the actions or investment funds.
In fact, there were more choices, they were more willing to invest in the financial markets.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we will remember to optimize the financial financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three major negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that you have the decision, which is still when this comes against the interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions -- in finance and health.
They are more likely to pick things less satisfied, even though you can usually go better.
The main reason is that we do look at that giant game of male grandmother, mustard and slide and stronger, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare and hire and choose from that amazing exhibition of it.
So I want to give you four simple techniques that we've tried in a way or another, in different research, so that they can think of their business.
The first is, I'm going to count.
They've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People are always upset when I say, "Controlling."
They care about losing space in the announcement.
But actually what we're seeing is that if you decide to cut up, you get rid of strange online choices, there will be an increase on the windows, will be going to be a better experience in the election.
When I put Provent -- God went from 26 different kinds of Health & Soldients at 15, saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When Grandmother Gold Calint chose the products for cats of cats that less people are sold together, they came up with the uses in 28 percent, for two causes, the largest contracts and lower costs.
You know that the supermarket of today, in average offer 45,000 products.
In a shop of Walmart. It's about 100,000 products.
But the ninth gets bigger in the current world is Ali and offered only 14 products -- a kind of tomato sauce salmon.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the choices is the planet of David Label -- the Harvard program.
All of Harvard employees are account automatically.
Those who really want to pick up, they give them 20 funds.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important choices.
The first thing I do is to ask you the employers, "Give me the differences that are among those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate it, you can't do your customers.
This afternoon, before you start this session, I was chatting with Gara.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people in this audience a few cows with everything paid to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you a slipper if you're ready to take the supply of Gara.
(Museum put up! So anyone who's ready to accept the other.
They're not more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew that there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey.
I think it actually reached more hands.
All right.
And actually, you have more information in the first room, that in the second one, but I can have to come up and say that the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of choices, which is Concert.
So for people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each option, and that the consequences need to feel very life, very conception.
Why do people spend about 15 percent more in average when you use sleep cards or credit that when you use effective?
Because it doesn't seem true.
It turns out to make it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
So we did a study with Silura Benging and Alexander Preventer -- who were working on IIDS -- these people were in Internet -- these people were in a meeting where they were string to a 404 plan.
At that meeting, that we were able to take exactly how it was used to me, we did a little guess.
So what we added was that we put the personnel people who would think of the positive things that happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the applications of 20 percent and an increase in the number that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their saves of savings -- four percent.
The third technique is Classic.
We can handle more categories than options.
For instance, this is a study that we did in a glass of magazine.
We saw that in the Sconference supermarkets along the north corner, the magazine exhibition can contain from 33 different types to 66 different kinds of studies to 66.
But, you know.
Because the classification tells me how to do it.
These are two exposed of Japan.
One is called Rap and the other, "Stendar."
If you think that the on the left is Swinna and the right on the right is jazz with a page.
(Museum put up. Well, there's some of them.
If you think that the on the left is jazz and the on the right is Skina, give a page.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is jazz and the on the right is Swine. But you know something?
This classic scheme is totally intuition.
The categories need to indicate something to school, not that the defines of it.
You can often see this problem with those huge funds.
You assumed who are information?
My fourth category continues to drive complexity.
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than what we think about, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
So let's see a very complicated decision to buy it from a car.
This is a few cars of cars that allow us to care care of it.
You have to take 60 decisions to grab the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choice that offers each one.
College, outer color of the car -- I'm 56 possibilities.
Motor, box of change, four options.
What I'm going to do is make the order in which the decisions.
So the half of customers are going to go from a lot of options, 56 colors, at a few boxes, four boxes, four boxes.
The other half of customers are going to go in a few choices, four boxes, four colors, lots of options.
And what am I going to look at.
So how involved you are.
If you zoom up there is always the boat in every decision in every decision, this indicates you're able to be overwhelmed -- or it is, we're missing them.
We find that those who are going from lots of choices to a few choices: print the button, over again over and again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go in a few choices to many, they keep there.
The same information, the same of options.
And the only thing I did was I will alter the order that the information is presented in.
If we start with the easy, you learn to school.
Even if you choose to choose the box of changes don't say anything about the preferences of the inner decision -- all ways would be prepared to choice.
We have a product that we're building that we now have more advanced with the process.
To sum up.
I've been talking about four techniques to mitigate the problem of choice: Cort, climbing alternatives -- string, strange alternatives -- Congesion, do it real. Claim, we can handle more categories with less choices, to condition complexity.
All of these techniques that I've been presented to help you were designed to help handle the alternatives.
It's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is to be careful of school.
And the more you care about our best choices we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '90s, in the U.S. East American, if you had a machine of writing to get back to the government.
I had to record a piece of text of example written with the machine.
And this is why the government could trace the origin of texts.
If you found a desk with the wrong message, you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we don't think that someone could do this, how much this would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color of any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow spots in each page that follow a pattern that makes you with a pattern that makes you with a pattern of one and of their printer.
That's happening today.
And no one seems to be a lot of this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three major issues of problems on the network.
If you look at what happens in the line world we can grab the attacks according to their attention.
There are three main groups.
They are crime.
Like Mr. Dime Giller of Kim City in Enouma.
The mobile cell cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to win a lot of money, engineers long.
There are really a lot of millions of millions online, multiple millions, who won money with their attacks.
This is Laking Tailand, from Maria, State.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Ground Sundamen.
These are Mathematica, Anderson Arabia, Tired Alurabaa etc., etc.
These guys are doing their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media through the banking bottom-up to steal banks to steal money from our own, when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected.
The secret service of America, two months ago, freeze the Swiss count of this lady, Sam Jain, and this tells you about 14 million dollars when it was frozen with the control.
Mr. Janch step down. He was unknown his paradigm.
And I say today is more likely than any of us to be victims of a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going from bad in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacker, in importance we see today is not motivated by the money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous, have been developed in the last 12 months, occupying a role in online attacks.
Those are the three main attractions. The criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous, who do it to protest and the last group are the national states, the governments that attack in.
And then we see things like Danistan.
That's a good example of government attack against their own citizens.
Digistic is an authority of the Cases of the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
declared the last fall because of a labor.
They show the security of the site and they missed a corporation.
Last week, I asked, in a meeting with represents of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they were fighting the death of people who were the death of people in the attack to Daniel.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from an attack of these?
Digistic is a certain care.
They sell critical.
What are the certainty crimes?
Well, you need whether you have a website with heads, encrypted extremely extractive services, services like Gumbin.
Except you have a certified critical authority.
And that they have cartionate cartionation.
And in the case of Digital things happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Primer and those things that have happened, for instance, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the selection of the secret secret police in April from 2011.
Among those papers was this Classic transported cardion.
And within that card there was notes from a company with a company in Germany who had sold the Egyptian government to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had been sold by 200 euros in Egyptian government.
The headquarters of the company is right here.
So the Western governments provide the total governments to do that to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this to themselves.
For instance, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago was found by the Sward Science, a tree used by office of the German government to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a criminal case, well, it's pretty obvious that your phone is intervention.
But today it's going to be beyond today.
It's interested in the Internet connection.
They will use even tools like the Sward School to influence our computer with a tree to allow them to see all of the communication, and listen to the discovery online, and listen to our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it looks bad, but I don't really affect because I'm a honest citizen.
Why would you care?
I have nothing to hear?
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play.
privacy is not discussion.
It's not a question of privacy against safety.
It's about the freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we waste today, will be forever.
Are we going to take blind in any future government, in a administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the question that you have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the south of Southern Park.
These are the cows of my dad, in the background, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi does not have close in the most part of the south, which means that wild animals like the crows migrate freely out of the park.
And predators, like lions like lions -- and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones who killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning and we found it dead was very bad because it was the only thing that we had.
My community, the masses, we believe that we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to take them and so we value them so long.
So I grew up having a lot of lions.
They died them are wars that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi.
So I think that's so few in the National Park of Nairobi.
A child in my community, of six at nine years, is responsible for his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way of solving this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that it doesn't really be, because it even helped lions to see the state of far.
I didn't laughing. I continue.
A second idea was to use a studio.
And I was trying to get on the lions to believe that I was close to the stable.
But the lions are very intelligent.  They came the first day, and they saw the strategics, and they were, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night was walking around the stadium with a torch and that day lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid to the light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I will be able to do and put the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a little bit broken down.
I joined everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charge the battery and the battery increases electricity to the little indication box, I call it a transport.
And the Indian box makes the light deliver.
As you can see, the bombs give outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see it when you come at night.
The lights drink and cheat the lions for them to think that I'm walking through the state, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put it in my home two years ago, and since then, we never got to have problems with lions.
And the neighborhood had heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had been killed a lot of animals and I asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've been installed in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now by Kenya, to join other predators as history, lovely, and it's also used to catch elephants of farmers on the farms.
Thanks to this invention, I had the fortune of getting a scholarship in one of the best schools of Kenya, International Bronk, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to raise funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community and install lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a child on the short short show taking my father from my father, and I used to see aircraft, and he told me that someday day would be within one.
And here I go.
I got the opportunity to come up with the first time to TED.
My big dream is to get to be an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate lions -- but now as my invention is saving my dad of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
I continue. What my language means -- thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So I got a beautiful. Richard Turn? Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next on your list?
RG: My next invention -- I want to do an electrical cloud. CA: A clear cloud?
RG: I know that they were invented electrical fences -- but I want to do mine.
CA: You try it once again, right? And -- RNA: I've tried earlier, but I got a calculus.  CA: At the county of the bread. Richard Turn, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage in every step that you have, my friend.
Thank you very much. RC: Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No Vider "Normand."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Inidem, but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea are the enemy.
Although I sometimes asked me about the rest of the world, I thought I would happen all my life in North Korean until everything changed all of a sudden of a sudden there.
When I was seven years, I saw my first public execution?
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and I had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister of my sister.
And I said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two past weeks.
We're collected together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak that we're prepared to die."
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a little while, when I walked in front of the train, I saw something terrible I can't delete from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child hidden in his arms looking at the face of her mother without able to do anything.
Nobody helped them because they were very concerned about taking themselves and their families.
A huge gun faces north to North 9/11.
At the end of a million Koreans died during the hunger and only a few they survived eating cards, insects and tree cortex of tree.
They were also made more and more frequently the power cuts -- all of my surroundings.
I always asked why they had light and not.
This is a satellite picture of North Korean at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the River River, which is worth of limits between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very announced in certain dots, allowing Koreans to cross secret.
But many die.
Sometimes I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I go out of North Korea, but I can only say that for the years of the starvation I was sent back to China to live with distant relatives, living.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like normal refugees.
But I soon learned that it's not just extremely hard, but I also dangerous, because the Norden refugees in China were considered illegal importance.
So I was living with a constant fear of my identity that my identity would be revealed, and it would be a horrible fate back back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare was done when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me in the police station.
Somebody had been accused to be normal, then they took my skills on the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought that my heart was going to explore.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interconnection an officer told you, "This was a fake report. She's not normal?
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China search for foreign employers.
But many can be arrested by Chinese police and dependent.
These women were very lucky.
Even though they had caught them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans didn't have so much luck.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and spoke to North Korea, where they're toraring, hopefully or executed in public.
Even though I was lucky in escape -- many other Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that Americans have to hide their identity and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and find work, all of his world can be taken on a second.
That's why, after 10 years to hide my identity, I decided to be at the South Korean going to North Korea.
I started a new life again.
I'm going to be in South Korea was a much more challenge of what I hoped for.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
And also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South South.
We're all correctly, but in the inside, we've been going to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
They even get a crisis of identity.
Am I surgery or normal?
Where am I going? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country I could call it with a protective.
Even though I was going to adapt to the life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan -- I started studying for the investment of income to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
North Korean Court had introduced some money that I sent my family, and, as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to the force to the force in the outside.
They had to go away.
So I started to plan how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and I started to the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow for more than three thousand miles through China and then through the South Asia.
The journey in bus took a week, and we were almost trapped several times.
Again, our bus was determined and forced by an officer of the Chinese police officer.
I asked the identity of all of them, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I put them out of foot and told him they were shared people who was accomplishing.
I looked up to me, but fortunately I believe me.
We did all the way up to the Lation border.
But I had to spend almost my money to bribe the border guards in Los.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and incarcerated by crossing the illegal border.
After paying multiple and sounds, my family was liberated in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in Laster California.
This was one of the most low points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close to my family, but my family was held in prison prison distance of the South Korean free.
I went and came between the office office and police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or multiple.
I lost hope.
At that moment, or the voice of a man to ask, "What's the problem?
I was so surprised that a unknown would mind to ask.
With my poor English and a dictionary diction, I explained the situation, and no doubt doubt -- the man was in the ATM box and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two Koreans, and give them out of prison.
I thank him with all my heart, and I said, "Why do I help me, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the Nanother people.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice unknown symmetry was a new hope for me, and for the black town when we needed it.
And I showed that the goodness of the unknown and the support of international community are really the ray of the hope of the National people.
Over the time, after our long trip, my family and I met in South Korea.
But to achieve his freedom is only half of the battle.
A lot of Koreans are separated from their families and when you look at a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practices of English language, work of work, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us still keep in contact with family in the inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from the north side.
I've been very lucky -- I have a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help no Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more normal traveling around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Center.
This is center County, she stores from license, fast food, bad lands.
So the planners of the city came together, and they thought, we're going to change the name of South Controll so that it is changed to Los Angeles South South, as if this would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Sole South Angels --  The leaders -- fast food, bad lands.
Just like 2666, millions of other Americans, I live in a food desert, Los Angeles South Court, home of the food of food to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to bring food more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curable disease in Los Angeles Center.
For instance, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times older than say, Beverly Hill, which is like 15 miles away.
I'm tired to see that this happens.
And I ask me, how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you come out of home you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood.
I see chairs of cold wheels and sold as you used them.
I see centralians of planning dilinist as Staristic school.
And I think this has to stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem and it's the solution.
And I also heard about 45 minutes away and back to buy a apple that doesn't have petimits.
What I did, it was planting a food forest in front of my home.
In a land of land we call a garden.
It's about 45 feet three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I'm going to come on in win, because it's my responsibility and have to keep it?
This was how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, Leader Gread, God Gread, we put together and start planting our food forest, fruits fruits -- you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of group paid by advanced by the garden of all the privacy, all the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free free.
And the lawn was beautiful.
Then someone was left.
The city is taken up to me and in short, and they gave me a quote saying that I had to retire my garden, the quote was made by judicial order.
And I said, "Let's go."
A judicial order for planting food on a piece of land that no one matter?"  So I was like, "Well, I was like, "Well, I'm like, "Well, I am like?
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lopal, and I talked to the concertage and one of the members of Grey Ground, who put a petition in Sanama, with 900 degrees, we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My box even called me to say that they wished and love what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
Laurie. It's the city of the United States with more baby lands.
It's 88 miles of balloon.
That's 20 Central Parks.
That's sufficient enough to planting 75 million plant plants.
Why don't you say it looks like this?
It will grow a plant to give a thousand selections.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars.
It's my home, when I tell people, you grow your own food.
It will grow your own food is how you print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South South.
I grew up there. I raised my children there.
I'm laughing to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me, and I'm going to manufacturing my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The Garden is my graffiti -- I grow my art.
Just like a graffiti artist who emerged walls, I start slings, I show up.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my elimination of that canvas.
You would be surprised to see what the land can do -- if you let it be your canvas.
You can just imagine how amazing it's a landing and how people affect people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, a transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We're the land.
You would be surprised to see how the kids affect kids.
The garden is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in an urban group.
Also, you get front.
I remember a month, who came a mother and his daughter, was like 1010 at night and they were in my garden, I walked out, and they look very eventually.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, they don't have to do this like this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame to see people who were so close to me with hungry, and this just reflects why I do this, people ask me, "Find, don't fear that people ask me, "Find, don't fear that people will steal your food?
So I say, "Oh God no, I don't have fear that you're going to robot.
So it's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at the time, I want you to take your health?
There was another occasion, I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the Los Angeles center.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous -- I was shared his stories about how it had affected them and how they used to plant with his mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just just for a moment.
So Grey Grous has come to planting maybe 20 garden.
We've got, as about 50 people who come from, work and participate -- all of a volunteer plan.
If the kids grow up, the kids will eat a tail.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat tomato --  But if none of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how the food affects your mind and the body, you eat blind what they put you on front of it.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're taken in, I see kids of color that are in this way designed for them, which doesn't take them anywhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these guys who are going to be able to get into their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington, Cardan Cardione."
But if we don't change the composition of land, we'll never do it.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole range of gardens, where people can share food in the same card.
I want to take controls and convert them into healthy chaos.
Don't get me.
I'm not talking about free, because it is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is, you have to fix it.
What I talk about is to try to work with people to pull people out of the street, and they know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing up their own food, opening market markets.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sex.
I want all of them to be rended in ecologists on engineering, gentlemen, largest gardens.
We have to change the script of what's a show.
If you're not a garden, you're not a show.
Who do people take his particular ride?
That is his arm of choice.
In sum if you want to gather with me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in expensive chairs.
If you want to see me, you come to the garden with his front so that we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Sure of the mirror --  -- you probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road of it.
It's made of adapt, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, that it is a lot.
You can have a great amount of water in the asphalt that you like.
And especially if you're sitting in your bike and these automobiles. That's not very nice.
Moreover, the asphalt can do a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads like in the Netherlands, very close to the cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make some porn landscape.
The piece of piece, a material that we use right now in most of the roads of the countries of the Netherlands, has pores and the water can go through it, so all the water water flow on the sides and have a road that is easy to drive, and they will have a road that is easy to drive, and they will not jump water again.
The noise will also disappear in these jobs.
Because it's very head, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very silent rare.
It also has disasters, of course, and the distributed of this road is that you can do.
What is to do? You see that in this road the stones of the surface is coming out.
First of a stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then I don't do that.  But you can give you his paradigm, and you're not happy to that.
And finally, this can also take more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
Ah! It's ready.
Born boats, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can see what the damage comes on in this material.
It's a piece of piece like, as I said, so it just has a little amount of high agenda between the stones in the stone.
Because of the intellectual, to the light light to the oxygen, this head, this but the glue of the rivers, will find, and if you find, they will be microbes and separated from advances.
So, if you drive on the road, they will take the addicts -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think of strangers of surface.
If we can make this material that strikes, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel land, from that to clean seats, and we can cut up the steel of steel in the very small pieces, and we can mix those little pieces with the button.
So we have a little bit of little pieces of steel on it.
Then you need a machine, like the ones you see here, that you use to cook -- a machine.
The Indus can heat -- especially the steel is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel off, melt the button, the beat flow by these microscopes and the stones will be stuck again on the surface.
I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great machine machine here on the stage.
The oven minimum is a similar system.
I put the show, which I'm going to do to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said that we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples out there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We need to try.
So they gave us a piece of road -- 400 meters from Authonian highway, where we had to do a trial of trial to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test on roads, and then, of course, this road lasted several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We did a lot of the samples, we put a lot of charge in them, and we would repair them with our machine machine and repair them, and we were going to test them.
We can replicate this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've done a material using steel fibers, including these fibers -- using the energy of industry to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, they can even double the life of the surface surface, they can even double the life of the surface.
And now, of course, they have curiosity.
We have the show here. It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to cool first before you can show you how the repair is.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember spending a morning with the sound of the judgment in my house.
My father was listening to BCB News in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news usually described it.
"The Taliban was come from? I screamed my father.
I didn't know what I mean, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"You can go to a real school, he said.
A morning will never forget.
It's a real school.
You see, I was six years when the Taliban talks were used from Afghanistan and made illegal that girls were going to go to school.
For the next five years, I looked like a child to hide my older sister that I couldn't be used to be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we go.
We had to hide the books on the market for the market so that it would seem to buy.
School was in a house, more than 100 of us stuck in a little room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, students and our parents.
Again, the school was closed by a week, because the Taliban would be suspicious.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were you following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were all attendation, but yet, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a terror.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total incomplete of a remote province of Afghanistan. I insisted that his daughter, my mother went into school and so her father was representing it.
But my mother raised it was a teacher.
This is it.
It will go back two years ago, just to convert our home in school for girls and women from our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his family in getting education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, even their daughters, despite the tiles -- despite risk.
For him, there was a bigger risk to not educate his children.
Over the years of the Taliban years, I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated in our life and I was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to say, but my father would say, "I mean, do you lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education to pay your education, we'll do it.
So don't you want to get?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war.
Less than six percent of my age of my age have more than the baby, and if my family would not have been so committed with my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find this proud to graduate in Middle College.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, which was just explored from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones in metalities.
He's not just my university title -- but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, I put it up by the streets of Kabbara streets.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams to me.
That's why I am the global 10th balloon, a global campaign to educate women.
It's what Sunlike Sun, the first and maybe the only private school of girls in Afghanistan, a country in which it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see the students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, like my month, advocate for them, despite the devices and still in front of an adaptability objective.
Like Mah. It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month, he and his daughter were going to go from the way from Solarie to her village, and literally they escaped to be killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you get to his house, they are the phone, a voice would tell him that if I kept sending his daughter to school, they will go back to try.
"Tell me, if you will, he said, "I don't give the future of my daughter.
What I've given me about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of you who are transitionally, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and that it sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they're often the first compelling interests of the bright future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like the Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the talents, the girls who went to school to tell you in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, more than three million girls are going to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans can see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't have a long way, after the retirement of the U.S. troops in America.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at the students in my school and his parents who advocate for them, that the animal, I see a female future and a durable change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and politically positional possibility, and every day, the U.S. girls will remember me.
Like me, they dream in big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the extent, "Hawking, resisted to Galia. He struggles against him.
But you never become a Galians revolution.
They've spent nearly two years since the elected revolution inspired by the high motion of massive movements so much of the Tunisian revolution as of the Egypt.
A force with a lot of other liberation citizens, within the country to call a day and start a revolution against the original regime of Galians.
And we did it. It was a great revolution.
Women and young people were on the vacuum, to demand the electron of the regime, by looking at freedom, dignity and social justice justice.
They've shown a worth of exploration to face the brutal dictatorship of Galians.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a six months of brutal war, and some losses of about 50,000 degrees, we managed to release our country and dog the time.
However, Galdin left a burden load, a land of the tyranny leader, corruption and selection self.
For four decades, the transition of Galian destroyed the infrastructure, the culture and the moral structure of the lip society.
Conscious of the devastation and the challenge, I've loved a lot of other women, to rebuild the living civil society, making a transition and fair transition and fair towards democracy and national reconciliation.
These are about 200 organizations in Bengging and immediately after the Galistice of Gardenina -- about 300 in Trustry.
After a 33 year-old period, I came back to Libya, and with a unique sense, I started to organize workshops about the development of capabilities, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women founded the Global World Law Plant platform by peace, a movement of women, leaders of a lot of different orientation, to advocate for the socioeconomic authority of women and by our rights of equal participating in the building of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment, an environment that was more and more polarized -- which is more and more polarized and model of the domestic of the domain and exciting domination.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won about 175 percent of the National Congress.
However, little of the clouds of elections and revolution as a whole, they were descending -- every day we found news of violence.
One day we wake up with the news of the security of old mosques and tunas subjects.
Another day bomb with the news of the standard of the American Ambassador and the attack to the consumed.
Another day we wake up with the news of the original office of the army of the military.
And each day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continues of the human rights of the human rights of the prisoners, and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, is polarized planning, and it has gone away from the ideas and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, which we had at the beginning.
Intelligence, the exciting and window became the ones of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire them with our story of the success of the sun "Let the structure of the "Larry "Larry and the election.
Rather, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, we chose bad, we take the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, the stability and security to Libya, security.
The list is the list and the condition between candidates and candidates brought peace and national recording?
No, they didn't do it.
What happened then?
Why do our society is still polarized and dominated with the DNA electric policy, so much by men like women."
Maybe what I missed was not just women, but the female values of compassion, machine and encouraging.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the choices needed the election, which was just represented the polarization and divide.
Our nation needs the quantitative representation of the feminine more than need to need the domestic and quantitative performance of it.
We need to stop acting as an outrage.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and microscope.
We have to develop a female speech that not just honest, but it also put the maschive instead of monstration, the collaboration instead of the competition, the encryption instead of the competition, the inclusion instead of exciting.
These are the ideal that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately with the end of reaching peace.
Because peace has an audience that is about interaction and alternative between female perspective and male personalities.
That's the real growth.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it differently.
All right, with a version of the Koran "State, is the word of my mission God, "men, comparison.
In the time, the word Radue, which is known in all orchilled traditions, has the same race in Arabic that the word "radio, sharing the female and the manufacturing, which would be the female of the humanity of men and women, that all the tribes and all the people have been started.
And so just like the self covers completely the embryo, which grows in, the divine matrix.
So it's like, "My market would be all the things.
So it's like, "My microscope prevalence about my area.
That all of them is given the grace of the microscope.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an excellent question, which has a equally redundant answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to tackle is the ones that all do always ask you, why do she happen?
Why was you going to stay with a man who is putting it?
I'm not periphual, and I am no social worker, and I have no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just led up at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first work as a writer and editor on the Sevenly magazine.
I had my first saintard, my first green green card Streets, and he had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin grave, and I was pointing to the head with a piece, charged with a short store, cheap with balloon ball.
The man, the man who loved more than anyone in this world, put a shot on my head and threatened with killing more times than I can remember it.
I'm here to tell you the story of "I love "Look, a psychological transmitter, distributed love, where each year millions of women, and even some men.
Until it could be your story.
I don't look like a typical subject of domestic violence.
I'm license in English at Harvard University and I have a Macharia of the Whole Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for companies of the list of the list of the list of the list of the "Step 500,000 -- and the Washington Bonder and The Washington Poster.
I took almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three kids.
My dog is a black book and I lead a million Healthy Story.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all of the race, all the religions, all the levels of renew and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that the domestic violence goes through women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the markets are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, independent and long duration or said in another way, in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, but we expect to find violence, reason that the domestic abuse is so decording.
So I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be a man who is going to be a man, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, the women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more chances of being victims of violence than the other ages, and more than 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by partners.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, his warning signals or their patterns.
I met Honor on a cold and rain night.
I was sitting on my side in the subway in New York and started to fight with me.
He told me two things.
The first was that he also had a university of the Indian Law university and worked on a very important bank of Wall Street.
But the thing that struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a field of the field.
He had a big little bit like apple, and a little wheat clock, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the most smart things that I did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it over the beginning by putting on a footprint.
We started coming out, and I loved him all of me, that I was ready, that I had gone to Harvard, which I would put passion to help girls teenager, and my job.
I wanted to know it all about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Honor believed in me, as a writer, and as a woman, as nobody had ever done it.
And it was why the license in that school prison and the work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to set and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go in New York and let my dream of my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifice for your partner, so I agreed up, I left my work and Honor and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a love "little love, which was entering head in a physical train, financial and psychological protection carding carefully prepared.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts it.
And here is where those kinds of pieces.
In the time we moved to New England you know, that site where I assumed that she was supposed to be so safe was bought three pieces.
One had on the guide of the car.
Another one was going under the lack of the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those pieces to cause the trauma that lived with a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those passionates actually were a message for me, and, although I never raised my hand, my life was already in a very dangerous, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Honor happened five days before our wedding drugs.
They were seven in the morning and still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared. I put my mother from my mother and married with him.
Even though I had happened, I was sure we would live happily forever, because I loved her, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very precedent.
There was just very excited about the wedding and the fact of shaping a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never make me harm it.
I spent twice twice in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and I lost, and he gave me so strong in the head that I bounce several times against the nanotage of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, and I joined the traffic and give me a Big Mac cold.
Hong continued to put one or twice a week for the next two and a half times of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought I was the only one in this situation.
One of the three American women is victim of domestic violence or according at some point of their life, and the center of control of Disease disease that every year 15 million children are married, 15 million.
So I actually had very good company.
I get back to my question: Why do I get it?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
In contrast, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a profoundly attendation man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congress to face his devil to confront their demands.
The other question that everybody else does is, why don't you just do it?
Why? I could have been at any point.
To me, this is the most sad and painful question that people do people, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a market.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
Over 70 percent of the killers in cases of domestic violence in cases happen after the victim has been late to the relationship, after you, because the absolute has no longer have anything to lose.
Other repurations include the permanent particular, even after the abuse has gone back to married, determination of financial resources and manipulation of the Jewish judicial system to terrified the victim and their children, which are usually forced by judges to spend a time and their children, who are usually forced by the judges to spend a single man.
And we still keep wondering why it's just not going?
I was able to go, because of a last solid spine I saw my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed if I had it allowed.
So I broke the silence.
I told it all over the world, to the police, to my neighbors, to my friends and family, to my friends and family, and I'm here today because all of you are helping me.
We have the tendency to stabilize the victims as the term terms, supply women, games damaged.
The question, "Why do you stay?"
For some people is a way to say "The fault is their forests for steaking?
But since I published "Look limbs: I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also starting, that they learned an endless lesson of what happened to them and give them their lives and happy life of their lives and happy and mothers, and mothers and mothers -- life completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out, I am a victim and a very typical domain of a very typical domestic violence.
I became married with a land and nice man and we have those three kids.
I have that black blood and also that mining.
What I'm not going to have to have ever ever ever ever ever ever have ever ever ever ever ever ever ever have -- I just have a charge of my head in the hands of someone who says it wants me.
Right now, they are thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating?  "Hey, what stupid it? But all of this time I have actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, the ones who are listening to me right now, that they're being market or they were strongly strongly or that they were a little bit of little ones to be arms.
The matter could be affecting his daughter, to her sister to her best friends right now.
I was able to put the end of my crazy love of particular love by the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last petition to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is just in the silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence just running light on it.
The victims need all over the world.
We need each one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
You take the light on the light talking about it with their children, their job companies, their friends and family.
They reproduce your view of survival as a fantastic and sentences that have a full future.
They recognize the early sections of violence to intervene consciously, to face their scale and show the victims a safe sale.
Together we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful satellites that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call me Cameron Russell and a while, I am a model.
It will be accurate for 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this moment there is an uncomfortable tension in the room because it shouldn't have seen like this.  Luckily I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first change of clothing on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky to do it, I believe.
If some of the women were horrified when they come up, they don't have to say it now, but I'll find it later at Twitter.
I also want to point that I have the privilege of power to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These spots are very uncomfortable, less bad than I don't have to use it.
The worst part is to spend this sweater in the head, because it's when you're going to laugh me, so you don't do anything while I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been pregnant.
Well, I hope not as much like this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but it's also survival.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, he never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that I would open up the back, and I would take the hair.
Of course, I come up with surgery or an artificial sketch like the one I did two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our aspect, which, although the surface and immediately inspired, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, for me, to be brave, means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my workforce, that's to be a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do me, but in the way.
The first question is, how do you become model?
And I always say, a catalyst discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because he won the genetic lottery -- and I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this here.
Well, in the last few centuries we have not only defined beauty as health, youth youth and symmetry symmetry, which we're biologically programmed to admire -- we've also used to admire it, we've also used to add it into a high and protected shape, to the feminine and a white skin.
And that's my head, the heritage I've been known to tap to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience that is now screens screen, and maybe there are some of the fathers of the fashion that you say -- Expert. There are Naomi Say, Tired, Joan States, Li States, Li Stanges.
First, the happy to know so much of models. It's amazing.
But I just have to inform that in 2007, a Ph.D. University of New York told all and each of the models on the runway, and of the 77 controlled models, only 27, is to say, less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people always do is: Could I be a model when it's greater?
And my first answer is, I don't know, I don't know about that.
But then, what I would really tell you about each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the invention of the next Internet or a radio cardioration surgeon or poet, which would be amazing, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, you still exist, no, Canade, I want to be model, then I say, I know my boss, I know my wead.
Because I am not in charge of nowhere, and you could be the head of the revolution of the American yogurt or the CMU executives of MIT, or the next Steven Men.
I'm going to tell you that more you want to be model is how to say you want to win the lottery when you're higher.
It's out of your control, it's surprising, and it's not a work that you can choose to.
I'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model as a model -- because unlike the cardiac surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you have already done your studies -- and you have a cubicle and a few jobs to your backs, no longer matter what you say is, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your resumes said, Mother clothes interior for 10 years, people would look at it.
The next question that people always do is whether all the pictures are retires.
And yeah, they virtually touch all the pictures, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture who took me, and also the first time I used a billion, and I didn't even have my period.
I know that we're entering the personal terrain, but it was a girl.
So it lights together to my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a party party days before the photos for the French Volunt.
So here I am with my football team and in my magazine magazine.
And this is me right now.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They are creating a bunch of professionals, little managers, photographic and statistics, and all of their help and passenger people, and you can create this. That's not me. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get free things?
I have too much about 20 inches and never use, except the previous pair -- but the privilege that I get is the ones that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a grocery store, and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free free.
When I was adult, I was traveling with my friend who was a principle of a concert particular, and I jumped up a red legacy and, of course, they stopped us, and I went to be a sorry, agent and I can keep getting driving.
I enjoy these privilege of the privilege for my aspect, not what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their time no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 140,000 teenager teens who were given and record, 86 percent were black and alternative, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 77,000 young black young black and Latin in New York, so for them, is not a question of parents.
But how many times I would stop me, and what?
When I investigate for this talk, I learned that at 53 percent of the United States in the United States in the United States don't like his body, and that number is led to 78 percent at 78.
So the last question that people ask me is, "How is the life of a model.
And I think the answer you expect is, if you're a little bit more delivered and you have the most brilliant hair and you feel very happy and strange.
And behind the cameras, we give a response that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative people, ingenious and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I have never said in front of them, is, I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my time every day.
And if you ever ask you, with a few more drinking legs and the most brilliant hair will be happier.
You just have to gather with a group of models, because they have the most bright legs and the most bright corner in fashion -- but probably will be the physically most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a race of racial oppression and gender when I am one of the biggest banks.
If there is something to stop from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable to recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have of success and the failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was the older enough to take a camera, but I want to share with you my 15 more precious picture, and I didn't have to do me who were done.
There was no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to replicate the pictures, not even a minimum care in the lighting light.
In fact, most of them took them out in the random.
My story begins when I get into the city in New York to give me a poet, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday. That is the corner of 57 and the 5.
So I gave the chance that we came back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you to San to New York on a daughter chapter and you keep the ritual?
So here is when we start asking the tourists that were going to take us to take the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of bringing the camera to a complete unknown to be so universal.
No one has been denied and fortunately, no one has been denied with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much the life would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
So this picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than represented from a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop the time in a week of October, and we can make them reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not just the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, even though we always pull the same picture, our perspective changed, my daughter, my daughter, and I can see life through their eyes and how they perceive and interact with everything.
That particular time that we pass together is something that we expect with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trip, we were walking down, when suddenly he suddenly stopped in dry and signal a red room of the wrist shop that I had a little red show of the fresh shop that I was looking at a little bit of the friends of the friends that I would love from small in previous visit.
And I described what I felt about five years of foot in that same place.
I started to remember his heart patient to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is the memories.
So I want to share the idea of participating in the concept of the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't get on many of the family pictures.
I'm always what the picture is about.
Today I want to encourage them to all of them to appear in the picture, and they don't doubt to get close to someone and ask it?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The burden is in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do you have so bad press.
It also has been associated with Disaster laughs who are mental characters, silly stuff, stupid states.
More recently, if you've been following the landing tear press, addicts and all these things are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Stangual Station -- but I don't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of parliament don't keep the environment.  Plants don't help prevent the spread of disease.
They are just monkey.   They're far away from string.  And my favorite, the drones have better presence.   There are two kinds of burden on this planet.
There are the New World burden who are mostly in the Americas, like the conditions and the coasts, and the United World burdens, where we have 16 species.
So, why are you improving businesses? First of all, provide vital ecological services.
It's our natural garbage recents.
They wipe the cadavers to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria -- help us absorb the entertainment that not to be for them to be experting and cause big losses of livestock and disease in other animals.
recent studies have demonstrated that in areas where there are no birds, the carcasses take three to four times more time in descend, and this has huge ramifications in the disease of disease.
The drones also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated to ancient Egyptian culture.
I just judge it was the symbol of the protein and the material and, and along with the goat, they symbolizes the unit between the Alto and the Egypt of Egypt.
In Hindu mythology -- Jautth was the boy going, and he risked his life to save the god Step of 10 heads Randi.
In the Tibetan culture, they have a very important few of them to open eyes. In places like Tibet -- there is no place to bury death, or wood to create them, so these drones provide a natural climbing system.
What's the problem with the burders?
We have eight species of burden in Kenya, which six are in extreme threats.
The reason is they're going to be poison -- and the reason that they're being sent is because there are conflict between humans and fault. The grasslands are using this venom against predators, and as a result, the burden are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of burden are on the critical list of endangered dangerous, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall from the consumption of livestock that has been treated with a standardized drug that has been treated with a standardized drug of the Dichamme.
This drug has been banned for veterans in India and have taken a clue.
Since there is no burden, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in series of parents, and when you have the street dogs -- you have a huge bomb of time for rage -- the number of case cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa, 355 protects are going to be up from Lake Turnic.
I'm not against wind power, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds -- they cut them in the half.
These are birds of birds.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible business of dead doors to serve the cold and the heads of metaphors.
So what are you doing? Well, we're investigating these birds. We're putting transmissions.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so you can focus on a local problem is not going to be anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with the local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the burdens, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they create.
How can you help? You can go back and noticed to do noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very undergraduately creatures and tell you, we have to focus on these very undergraduately creatures -- donated your time to spread the word.
When you come out of this room, you will be informed on the burdens, but they talk about their families, with their children, with their children on the borders.
They're very elegant -- Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because they saw them fly without effort, no energy spending on the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I did and all I do promising -- my life has been shaped for seven years of work on my youth in Africa.
Since 1971. So 1971 to 1970, but I'm not --  I worked in Zambia Kenya, Kenya Costs, Archie and Somaliea -- in projects of technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO Intelligent, and every project that we set in Africa.
And I was lost.
I thought, at the age of 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing a good work in Africa.
Instead of that, all we were going to do is we were and we were able to wear it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Well the Rama, was a project where we decided to teach people in Zambia to grow food.
So we came with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends to the British River, and we teach the local takes to grow Italian shots and warming satisfaction.
Of course, people were not in absolute interested to do that, so we paid them to come working, and sometimes they don't get them.  And sometimes they don't get them.  We were amazed that the local the local valley, they didn't have any agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that they don't grow up, we just said, "Thank God that we are here.  "Just for time to save people in Zambia of the family?
And of course, everything in Africa is beautifully.
So we got these magnificent tomatoes -- in Italy, a tomato would grow up to this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the programs, "Look how easy the agriculture.
When the shots were beautiful, mature and red and red and red and red to the morning, about 200 hypothesis came from the river and ate everything.  And we said, "Oh my gods, the discoveriness."
And the changing said, "Yeah, that's why we don't have agriculture here:  "Why don't you say it? You have never asked, "You know, you know.
I thought that just we Italians we eat errors in Africa, but then then I saw what Americans, what the English did, what the English did, what the English did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia in Zambia in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothesis.
You have to see the speakers --  You should see the waste that we give you the self-driven people in Africa.
You want to read a book, read "Life Daring "Life, economic change.
The book was published in 2009.
We, countries, Western donors -- we've gone into the African continent.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that the money has caused it.
They just read his book.
Put it from a African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are immigrants, mission missions, and we treat people only two ways, or patents, or we're participants.
The two words came from the Latin Patent race? Which means Pad."
However, it means two different things.
Pattern, I treat any of a different culture as if you were my children, "I want a lot.
Pattern, I treat all of a different culture as if they were my survives.
So white in Africa are called "bandair: "Moston.
That book gave me a book on the face -- "The little thing is beautiful, I written by Schalapi, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be helped to be helped -- you give them alone.
This should be the first principle of help.
The first principle of aid is to respect it.
This morning, the gentleman who opened up this conference, put a stick on the ground, and he said, can you imagine a city not testing?
I decided to be 27 years just to respond to people, and I invented a system called Company Family where you have ever begun -- you have ever done any other, but it becomes a summit of local passion, the surface of the local passion, the survey of the local passion who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So, what do you do? It's street.
It comes to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of the local.
We don't work from the office.
We gather in a cafe -- we gather in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and let's figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to someone.
If that person don't want to do that, what is you going to do you?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that the man has for their own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge because no one in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea, why don't we, for once instead of getting to a community to say to people what to do, why don't you do, for once we were listening to you, for once we hear them?
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never exist, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with your own money, what opportunity has identified with your own money, what opportunity has identified with their own money, what opportunity has identified with your own money, what opportunity has identified with your own money, what opportunity has identified with your own money, what opportunity has identified with their own
So the planning has this blind point.
The most intelligent people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't have their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You have to create a new teacher.
The profession is the family of the company, the family of the business of business, which is established with you in your house, on the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and that helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in Species, city in Western Australia, City.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to take away from this conference that we get to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to me to see to ask, "How can you do that?
How can I do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very difficult.
And I was like, and I hear them.  So the government says, "Hello again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 business.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying from sunlight.
Peter Dr Perian people -- one of the largest entrepreneurs of history, failed to 96 years ago.
Peter Dr a philosophy professor was a philosophy professor before they get involved in business, and this is what Peter Dr Demosal Droney, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and a innovative company economy.
Plant is the kiss of the death of the entrepreneurial spirit.
So now you're recording Christian without knowing what the oldest people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to do these people are going to be able to talk with you.
You have to give you conference, privacy has to be fantastic.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 clients.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What do you have to do is that you have adopted this morning.
Loneling people. That's what you're clapping.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution fuels, not renewable fossil revolution -- not renewable fossil revolution, manufacturing -- and a moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The engine of internal combustion is not sustainable.
The face as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how we nurture -- we care, we educate them, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution, the universe?
The government, forgot.
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a remarkable story that I read in a future magazine makes many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York in the year 1870.
And in the year 1880s, he came together this group of people, and they speculate about what would happen to New York in 100 years, and the conclusion was neurons, the city of New York was not going to be in 100 years old.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and pointed out, if the population is still growing up to this rate, to bring them to the population of New York around them would require six million horse, and the state produced by six million horses would be impossible to tackle out.
They were already sticking in strategy.  So 1880, they were having this dirty technology that would look at New York.
So what does it happen? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, in the United States, 100 automotive companies, 1001.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few scales, scaries, factories in remote places.
Dean, Michael. Henry Ford Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them conference.
In another way, you're not going to talk to you.
Then you have to give you an absolute one, defined service service.
And, in fact, you will have to tell you the truth with respect to entrepreneurs.
The smallest company, the largest company has to be able to do three things very manipulation? The product that you want to sell has to be great, you have to sell with a fantastic commercial, and you have to tell you with a fantastic advanced manager.
You know what?
We've been known to a single human to be in the world that can do, selling and search for the money.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not been born.
We've been researching and observed in 100 companies from the Carnegie world, the States, Edison, Ford all the new companies, Google Sau.
There's just one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common.
The word "I may, but the word "well, 32 times.
He wasn't just when he began.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one starts a company.
So we can create the community where we have families, who came from a small business environment sitting in coffee corners, in the bars together to their dedicated shrimp who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talk about this goal who talk about this goal, who talk about this goal, who talk about you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, you can sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." "I want you to search for someone?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us in many ways to enhance our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't have a lot of knowledge despite the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've been trying to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like authority, plans and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much do I pay my neighbors for their approach?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad point?
How do you share more memories of our building buildings and understand our landscape?
How do you share our hopes to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds a relief with the giant grandmothers who give a shadow to bees, border and short sales from the centuries and trust a city.
It's always heading to music --  -- there's a phone in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world, but also one with the largest number of advantage properties in America.
I live close to this home and I thought how could turn it into a rather nice space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Japan, like a mother for me.
His death was representing and unexpected it.
I thought a lot on death and death.
And this produced me a deep gratitude for life and live time.
I gave the significant things of my current life.
But I cheated for keeping this look in my everyday life.
It seems like it is easy to let me catch a day and forget the really important for one.
So with the help of old and new friends brought the wall of this home abandoned in a giant board and painted on her phrases to completely completely completely formed, "Well I want to die.
So, transitions could take a chalk. reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect about this experiment, but the next day the wall was represented and kept coming.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die I want to be judging by pirate?  Before I die I want to sit in the line of factory change?
Before I die I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die I want to plant a tree.
Before I die I want to live out of the net."
Before I die I want to open it once more."
Before I die to go to the rescue of someone.
Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space was concerned with the subject and the dreams and hope of people who made me laugh to cardionated, they destroyed me, and they gave me in difficult moments.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in a new way and scales -- it's about giving care to the reflection and complexity, and remembering what is the most important thing for us as we can grow up and change.
This happened last year, and I started to get hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we did a quote and now have been died in countries from all the world like Kaharara, South Africa, Arginos and beyond.
Together we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express us and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is the time and our relationships with other people.
In our era of the age of discussion, it's more important than ever, to find the ways of getting the perspective and remember that life is short and delicious.
death is something that we often avoid to talk about, or even thinking, but I understood that to prepare for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about the climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect what matters as individuals and as community and more media to share hope, fear and stories, the people who surrounds us cannot only help better places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a only request.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my sisters.
It was 22 years old, it's high and very far.
And I don't talk about, but they transmit better than some of the best workers.
I know what love is.
I share it mainly what happens.
It's not an available. I don't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about religious differences and think of this. Never have a lie.
When you sing songs of our childhood, trying to make words of the ones that I can't even remember me, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that should be the unknown thing.
Samuel is 16. It's high. It's very limit.
It puts the most shocking memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember whether I stole my chocolate choice, but I remember the year that I came out of each of the songs of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, converting my arm in my arm during the first episode of the Telescope and the birthday of Lake Gala.
Don't you look like incredible?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because your minds don't fit into the concept of normal society, they're often ignored.
But what drives my heart and strengthen my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't consider them within the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing, that were extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term and the term the term is a complex cerebral disorder that affects the social communication, to learning, and sometimes to physical abilities.
In each individual is managed in a different way, from there that I was so different to Samma.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that the most fast rise in the world, there is no cause and country curiosity.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I had only three years when my brother came into the world, and I was very excited about having a new way in my life.
When you spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
I had a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and actually didn't seem very interested in me at all.
I came alive and raised in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting cars around the room, looking around the room, to look at the screen and eat anything that would be between media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences were made more evident.
But beyond the cruscess, the frustration and international hyperchenic, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prepared, a human being a human world that never had a lie.
Strange.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, and moments that I'd have designed that they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about the individuality, the communication and love, and I realize that they are things that I wouldn't want to change for normal.
The normality. The normal is the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could take a single thing to Remer and Sam and Sam, and you would have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences that we have -- are a girl: Every one of us has a gift in your inner and, honestly, the search of normality.
The opportunity for large, the progress and the change dies at the moment we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, experienced a little bit what it should have been to be Alan in the country.
Penn State asked me, a professor of communications, which would give a kind of communication to college students of engineering.
I was scared.  So scared of truth -- scared of these students with his big minds -- his big books and his big books and his board and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice has to have felt when I fell on the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with the students, and I was amazed to be the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We need a great communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our largest challenges -- from energy to the environment and care care of health, between others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers -- please good with simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that you can see that their science is sex and their engineering is attractive.
First question to respond, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant for us.
You don't tell us that they study the tradition, but they study the tradition, which is the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the people.
And when they're describing your science, care with the charge.
The grass is an obstacle for our ideas of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and temporary, but why don't you say special and time."
You make them accessible is not the same thing to make them talk.
In contrast, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
You can communicate your science without compromise the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples and stories and analogy -- these are ways of standing and engage with their content.
And by presenting his job, forget the signals of ball."
They've been wondering why they're called bubbles?  What do you do the balls, the balls killed and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it is supporting too much in the area of the language of our brain and arrivated us.
Instead, this example of General Brown's example is much more effective. It shows that the special structure of the translation is so strong that I really inspired the only one of the Eice Effective.
The trick here is to use a simple simple phrase, legitimate that the public can understand whether you lose a little bit, and then, to provide graphics that appeal to our other senses and create a more profound sense of understanding what it is described.
I think these are just a few keys that can help others open the door, and let's see the country of wonders that is science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, all of the media, just keep simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all the dictionary.
Just because it sounds very well.
And "She means "Long "Develon "Develon?
Even though there was a journalistic editor of the 19th century that the definition of a much better definition when he said, "A Swinear is the one that seeks a public charge without matter -- platform or principle, and that, when you win, you get it by the most use of a review term monitoring.
I have no idea what it means "feedback?
Something to do with the words, I guess.
It's very important that the words will be the police base, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language.
It was not until example, 1771 that the British parliament allowed the newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliament chamber.
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the institution of Brazil Cross, who was confronted to Parloran.
I got stuck in London of London and incarcerated it, but he had the enough courage of facing them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London who won it.
And just a few years later, we had the first use record of the phrase, "really bringing the phrase of the feet of the metal.
Most people think it's literature.
It's not. It's a advocate of the freedom of expression.
But to show you how the words and politics interact, I want you to go back to America, just after the independence.
So, they had to tackle the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know it.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country.
This is debate in Congress for a long time.
They were introduced all kinds of suggestions that might have been framedifore.
Some wanted to call it "Legy.
Not very attendance.
Some of you just wanted to call it "In "In "In "In "In "In "In "In "In "In "Alter."
They thought it was really quality.
And not even with that they were locking, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a determined term.
And it might have been service.
All the world is excited in the world, because this discussion is just protecting for three weeks.
I read the daily of a poor senator and I always wrote, still with this temperature?
The thing that the portrait and the face was that the Camprins of Rependents was against the Sena.
The Camprin Camera didn't want Washington to employ power.
You didn't want to call it King for if I just gave him or his sun ideas.
So they wanted to give you the most modest time, more insignificant and more floating that they came on.
And that title was Presurity.
President -- they didn't invent the title -- there was already before, but I just meant someone who pays a meeting."
It was like the president of a hierarchy.
And I didn't have much more great than the term "Calmean or "Survival?
There were a little bit of little permanents of little colony and financial frontation, but it was really a insignificant.
And so the Senate is heard of it.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President?
"This guy has to sign and return with foreign differential.
"And who would take a serious title with a ridiculous title and insignificant as President of the United States President?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't decide.
We can learn three interesting things from all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite until I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never been really referenced to the President title of the President of the President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to keep there, waiting to the Senate between action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government tells you that a measure is temporary --  -- you can keep waiting for 242 more years.
But the third thing that we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President of the United States doesn't sound in absolute as modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to discovery, the largest economy of the world and a fleet of vehicles are not triple and so on.
The reality and history have been killed to the title of great grandmothers.
So the end won the Senior.
They got his title of responsibility.
And also the other concerns of the Senate, the approach of the single person, well, was a singular protection then.
But you know how many nations have now presented?
And everything because they want to sound like the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So, at the end of the Senator won and the Camprin of Perians lost, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell you that they're now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn, and I would like to leave them.
politicians are trying to choose and use the words to make shape and control reality, but actually, the model reality much more the words that they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 at feet under an illegal mine in Ghana, Ghana.
The air is charge of heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the sun of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see a lot more.
I hear the voices that talk about but all of all, that mass of male touches and stone stones with primitive tools.
As the other people, I carry a little bit of childhood slide on the head with this and you can barely figure out the pink rooms that hold the walls of that hole of a meter that drops hundreds of meters on the land.
I replaced my hand and suddenly remember a mining I met days earlier, I lost control and constructed meters in that year.
As I talk with you today, these men are at the deep of that hole risk their lives without paid and reward, and often dying.
I walked out of that hole and went home, but they probably will never do it, because they are the school of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents, and, in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the Vancouver of Vancer Panis.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a Sweden Sun intelligent, an NGO who has to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it exists in the world, but not to such a grade.
When we ended up to talk about I was very bad. I honestly was ashamed to ignore this attractive of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know, how many people don't know?
He made me a street and weeks later, I flew Los Angeles to meet the director of "Freedom the Senaman and offer it my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these places.
Some of all, I thought my second home.
But this time, I would slow the dirty transported ends.
A conservative calculation says that there are now more than 27 million people survival in the world.
It's twice of the number of Africans displaced during all the transition school states.
150 years ago the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual window of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars.
However, today you can be straight to entire families for generations for generations of the number 18 dollars.
Surprising, the slavery generates more than 13,000 billion dollars a year around the world.
A lot of them have been stuck with false problems of good education and better work to find that they're forced to work with no pay, under the threat of violence and can't escape.
So the slavery operates on the correct? The goods produced by slaves have value, but those people are producing them.
The slavery exists in almost all the world and, though, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I knew the lockets of the lands.
This strange and formidable species was like entering the old Egypt or the Denis of Daniel.
First of the temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, the entire families wrapped up on a heavy story of dust, they stack mechanically brick in their head, and 18 at the time, and they bring them out of the local furnaces to trucks that are at hundreds of feet.
Descended by the monkey and the song work on silence, doing this task again and again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no people to eat, or to drink, and the severe distant distribution would be made to land out quite interesting.
So penetration was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and I stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to reverse it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the absolute thing I was on my side quickly grabbed me, and he said, "Listen, don't do it. Don't do you here.
And I was very clearly to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
You couldn't offer them any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not citizen of that country.
I could put it in a worse situation that they were already before.
I had to trust the Sweil of the Sweats and working inside the system for his liberation and I trust you to get it.
In me, I waited to get home to feel my head strange.
In the Himalayas, I found children showing stones for miles for miles for mathematics to trucks to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big plants were more stated than children who charge them and children put them into their heads with coastal roads made of pains, strings and houses.
It's hard to introduce something so arrange.
How can we influence something that issue, but so survived?
Some don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paid -- because this has been like all of your life.
They have nothing to compare it.
When these villagers took their freedom, the scales burn their houses.
When I hear the word slavery we often think of sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness they warned me to be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katrina, I was spreading women who had been perfectly sexual scale.
I drove me for a few anonymous stairs who were giving this dirty seat, a slightly fluorescent light.
It was not exactly a further.
It was rather a restaurant.
Restariant, as you know in the office, are local for forced protection.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the slaves women with their girls and children, some of them just seven years -- are forced to train customers and encouraging them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every place is dark and dirty and identified for a number painted on the wall and divided by a ship and a corruption.
The workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients.
So I stand on the public, I remember a little bit of a strange subject and at that instant, I barely could imagine what it should be to be stuck in that hell.
I just had a sale, the stairs.
There were no dramatic doors.
There were no good enough to transport.
Those people don't have school and, because we play a difficult topic, it's important to point that slavery -- even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people who are supporting in agriculture in the arists, in restaurants.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 children Americans are sold every year as sexual school.
It happens at all, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often relate to the short work of the street.
I visited Indian villages where there were random families in the silk of the silk side.
This is a family of family.
The black hands are the father, the blue and red hands, of their children.
They mix times in these big lanes and plunged the silk on the liquid to the side, but the title is toxic.
My present told me their stories.
"We don't have freedom, they said.
We still hope, though, can be able to get out of this home one day and go somewhere in the other place where we really pay our job.
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children seventing in Lake Lottom, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a family of fishermen in a boat, two older brothers, some younger children -- makes sense isn't it?
Wrong. It was all scale.
Children are separated from their physical families, and disappeared and forced work to work in the bottom of these boats in the lake, despite not to know to swim.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat was done when our boat came up was the subject that his little canoe was embracistic.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling the water.
The branches of the trees of the trees plunged in Lake and they often catch networks and children, familiar and fear, and with fear, they throw into the water to unleash the branches of the branches.
A lot of them are now.
Since I remember, it's always forced to work on the lake.
For fear to his love is not going to go out, and like all life has been treated with creative, often treat the youngest slaves under their hand.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they took the last networks, but they had been working from the one of a one.
In the cold, cold, venture.
And it was going to point out that these networks spend more than 400 pounds when they're sticking from fish.
I want to introduce you to Koha.
Kofi was rescued in a village of fishermen.
I met him in a shelter where the Seconds of the Sweilist the Scide is the victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes that possible.
Who would be because someone decided to make the difference in your life?
By driving on a road in Ghana, with partners of "Frendor the Sensors, a programming of a show of a sudden and supports our car and supported our car and played the window.
It asked us to do it for a path of land to the forest.
At the end of the way, I urge us to go out of the car, and asked him to the driver that comes out quickly.
Then he pointed out this path just visible and said, "This is the path, this is the way.
As we started to go down, we took the endurings that blocked the way and after walking about a while, we found that the way we found that the way was stuck by the recent rains -- so I put the picture of photos on my head as we were leaving in these water to the chest.
After two hours of walk, the single way in the ground, the single way I ended up in one of us, and we had a mass of holes that could come in a football field, and they were all full of shooting with shooting.
A lot of women had children tied up to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they walked in the water on the water.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These ministers are starcing in a body in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the body they were pushed in his own sweat.
I remember I looked at his eyes tired, ridiculous, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have to 90 feet ago, and these people carry heavy states of stone that they then will be transported to another area in which they will take the stone to extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be full of strong men and very five light, but if you look more than close to the margin of the margin we can see another less lucky and also children.
They're all victims of leaders, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this museum ends like this victim of tuberculosis, and of the invention of the invention in a few years.
This is Manuar. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When you die his uncle, Mangula inherit the debt of the uncle that force it to be slaves on the mines.
When I met it, I had been working on the mines 14 years and the lion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident on the month, so big that doctors were saying that the doctors would say that it should be advanced.
In addition to that, Mangue has tuberculosis, and not looking at that, it's forced to work night and day on that mine.
And yet, he used to be liberating and educated with the help of local activists like "The Societa The Seconds, and it's this kind of determination, of face to a remote possibility, which is a lot of respect for me.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen for you.
I wanted you to know that we're going to give them terrorism of them, and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it makes it very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not resistant. These are people, real people, like you, and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think about these so many beautiful people, married, that I've had the great honor to meet.
I hope that these images wake up a force in the people like you, in people like you, and I hope that that force gets a fire and that that friend rice on slavery because, without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do a mathematical problem and there's a peculiar problem to do it -- we are like management instruments.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So I'm going to try to tell you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activity.
They fold us out of the balloon of the whale and the ball dancers --  that we will see more forward.
But the demand demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial altitude that well can have a genetic components.
Sadly, neurologic disorders like Parkinson's many designed this extraordinary ability, as I do with my friend Ann Syrami who, in his time, was a virtuous ball of ball.
In the last few years, it has become a lot of the treatment.
However, there are 6.3 million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable ability, limbs and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and ultimately, the only way that we will know if you really have a cure to be when we have a objective metric and correction.
But it's frustrating that for the Party and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markets. So they don't have the blood analysis and the best thing that we have is a neurologic team of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of clinical trials never do it. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
So that would save a difficult journey to the clinic, what if patients could do the exam themselves, these things?
You don't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in neurologic clinic.
So what I want to give you as not conventional to try it, you see, in a sense at least, all of us are virtuous like my friend Ann Sirama.
This is a video of the violence of vocal ropes.
It shows someone healthy while it emits sound to talk about, we can figure out as a dancers of a vocal ball because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sound and all of us have the genes need to produce sound and all of us have the generations.
And like the ball, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
So let's think of the time that leads to a child learn to talk about.
From the sound, we can trace the position of vocal strings as they vibrate -- and as the Party affect the limbs. It also affects the vocal organs too.
In the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of the virtual rock of the vocal ropes.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice: voice and region.
The speech becomes more transition and aspiration after a while, and this is an example of the symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, they're both not invisible.
The neurologic test is not invisible. They both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
They both are precise. Well, but the tests based on voice are not specializing.
That is, they can be automatically authenticity.
They do very quickly take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They are the minimum cost and we all know what happens.
When something can be a cost as low as it comes into massive scale.
These are some amazing goals to tackle it.
We can reduce the light of patients.
You wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the run crush.
With high frequency we could get objective data.
We could make mass relationship of low cost for clinical trial and for the first time, and the very first time, the great scale crushed in a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomass biologists of disease before it's too late.
So when we give the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Vortan Voice of Pariftaine.
June and Patients, we want to get a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to tackle these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anybody with Paristan, or without Parkinson's, can call it under price and leaving recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached 60 percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Mau, taking all of these samples from -- say, 10,000 people, you will say, who is healthy and who doesn't?
What do you get out of these shows?
Max Little? Yeah, yeah, what happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not the disease. TR: Right.
MT: You see, some people can not pass it. You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of collected data in different circumstances and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for the funding factors in search for the real markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this point?
MT: A lot more than that.
In fact, my student Thankeld, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it's demonstrated that it works on the mobile phone network also, what you can do is we have a 99 percent accuracy.
TR: November and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
MT: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little, public.
MT: Thank you, Tom.
Before March from 2011, I made pictures in New York City.
We're free crisis, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in both of them without windows and, usually we avoid sunlight.
We do the so-called delicious model students, the perfect skin still do the impossible, possible skin, and they criticize on the press all of the time but some of us are really artist with a lot of years of experience, and some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience, and a true like the images and the photograph.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the current events that happen in Japan.
A little bit later, an organization where it was volunteers, there Hansas Volvana, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, together with hundreds of other volunteers we knew that we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
The 13 of May travel to the other.
It's a little fish of fishermen located on the independent of about 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The level of water was recorded with more than 24 meters of height and more than three miles in within.
As you can imagine, the town was devastated.
We took school of the channels and channels.
Schools. We take the side and we put the homes ready to be and return and return.
We take tons and tons of dead fish, advanced fish of the local factory.
We strike and loved it.
For weeks, both the volunteers as the neighbors found similar things.
They found photos and advertise of photos and cameras and takes S.
Everyone did the same.
You can pick them into different places of the villages around to make them.
It wasn't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had happened.
As I put out of the wave, and to save his lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week I started to help in a town center center.
He helped clean the communist babies the huge, based giant games.
This place turned out to be the place of the town where the cancer center collects the pictures.
They were there, and I had the honor that that day trust me to clean the pictures of hand.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I go through my horizons that something happened.
When you look at the pictures, I found some who had over a hundred years ago, some of them were still in the laboratory, I couldn't stop to think about how to fix that room and repair that husband and knew hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night walked into Facebook contact with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started to collect the pictures.
This was the first of all.
It was not too stranger, but where the water had picked up the face of the girl had to be addressed with a lot of precision and delicated.
In another way, that little girl would not have the aspect of her itself, and that would be as tragic as having the president photograph.
With the time of the time, they came up to be more photos and they needed more retrones that was in Facebook and Lingai and five days later 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
In two weeks, I had 150 people who were able to join you.
In Japan in July, we moved to Shanginger, a neighbor town in North Malaria.
Once the week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic library that had been installed where people were going to collect their pictures.
The time you were talking about putting them is a different history, it depended out of the desert of the photographs.
I could impact an hour. I could involve weeks.
I could involve months.
This little kidy had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water hadn't destroyed the water.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged in salt water, covered of bacteria, with algae, even with alien, all of it with the course of the time to destroy you, so you will clean it by hand it was an important part of the project.
We couldn't collect the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been picked up for his dream.
We were lucky with my hands.
We tell the guide of a traditional neighbor way.
It's very easy to harm the pictures of photos anymore.
As I once said, West, the leader of my group is like to make a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures were lucky on the photographs.
I had started to clean them out, but he stopped to realize that I was going to tell them the way more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of his own husband and his own face would not have been able to recognize, we were able to solve the images in a single picture and collect the whole picture.
When I collected his pictures share something from his story with us.
A bunch of colleagues of his husband found the pictures on a firemen station.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the corrupt of closing the bars to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the syrians sounded up.
Their little children, not so small now, but his two children were in high school, in different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took him a week to find all his family and know that they all survived.
The day I gave her his photos his youngest son for 14 years.
For it, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do it, something that he could go back to look, something that I could remember from the past that I would not have been done by the past day that I would not have been done by that day of March, when everything in his life changed or been destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there hundreds of them helped us clean by 100,000 photographs -- the vast majority -- -- -- the great majority of their owners came back to hands.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us bring 90 hundreds of hundreds of photos of totally respected photos and retrone.
And during this time, we really don't spend 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printers.
We take pictures of constant.
A picture is a memory of someone or something else, a relationship, a relationship, someone wanted.
These are glass of our memories and stories, the last thing that we would take but the first thing we will go to look for.
Over this was the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to give someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this is back to somebody, they put a huge difference in the life of the person who gets it.
This project also made a big difference in the retrone of retirement.
A few of them connected with something bigger, to give it something bigger, using their talent for something that don't be delicious skin models.
In order to finish I'd like to read this electronic email -- I sent him China the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I represented, I couldn't stop thinking about people and the stories showed in the imagery.
One in particular, a picture with women of different levels from the grandmother to the small child, gathering around a baby, moved up, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, my mother, and my daughter, and my daughter, and my daughter, and my daughter, and my daughter, and my daughter, and my daughter was born from our wall.
In the whole world, in all the time our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you. 
I deal with an amazing and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that took a apple in an exhibition of just a second of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go over a million times faster, and see the world not to a million or a billion people, but a trillion ones per second.
I present a new kind of photograph, the female, a new technique that can create video videos in slow light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see the interior of the body without using X-rays, and they really defy the idea of camera.
If I take a laser point and put it up and stuck on a trillion second or it is, in several females to create a picture of photons of just a million and width million.
And that picture of photons -- that ball, to travel the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If you take that bullet and this package of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do you shoot those pictures within this bottle.
What's the aspect of light in slow camera?
Now, all of this --   remember that all of this happens in less than one man is what I take in traveling light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Cockria doesn't use this research --  There is a lot of things in this movie, give us this information to show what is happening.
The pulse, our bullet comes into the bottle, with a package of photons that starts to turn it up, and that, inside, it starts to go.
Part of the light went up, go into the table, and we started seeing these soleboardines.
A lot of the photons finally get into the lid and then explode in several directions.
As you can see, there's a air bubble.
In that time, the waves travel on the table and because of the refuses on the top you see in the bottom of the bottle, after several squares, that replications are focused on them.
Now, if you take a common bullet and collapse and we make it turn the same distance and we see it in slow camera for about 10 billion times, how much think that would take us to sit to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring movie  -- of a slow bullet in motion.
And what about to test with dead nature?
You can see the waves that are started on the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone on a pond.
It's the way that nature paint a picture, I thought, of a family at once, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition at the time.
But if you look at again, you realize that as the light is able to support the tomato -- it's still brilliant -- it's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is a matter and the baby light in their interior and comes back after several trillion seconds of seconds.
In the future, when this family is in their phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and see whether the fruits is dark without having to touch it.
So what do we create this camera at MIT.
As a photographer -- you know, if you take a picture at low exposure -- it enters very little light.
But we'll be a billion times faster than the most short exhibition than the most short exhibition -- so you just get into some light.
We send that bullet -- that picture of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and again with a very aquatic system, we took those giants of data and we train them to create those demands that I showed you.
We can take all those things in crude and process them differently.
They can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a surface future would allow him to see after the rich?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. Rebut will enter the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera, to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light baby redions.
It's not science fiction. We already built it.
On the left, it's our families.
Behind the wall there is a manage and we'll play the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Natalie Communities.
And a small fraction of photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, in a slightly different time.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our families, has unique abilities.
It has very good temporal resolution and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distance to the door and also the hidden objects, but we don't know what points corresponds to what distance discoveries.
By projecting a laser, you can record a little bit of a brilliant, which you see on the screen, it doesn't really have any sense.
But we'll take a lot of images like this, and tens of images of images -- we'll put them together and try to analyze the multiple light baby back, and with that, can we see the discovery object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our recording.
We have things to explore before we pull this on the laboratory, but in the future, we could create cars that prevent collision with what's all over the curve.
Or we could find survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows reflection.
Or we could be able to build economics to see the interior of the body holding cars, and the same thing for chargins.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is pretty hard, so this is actually a question to scientists so that they start thinking about the female as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of imagination in health of the next generation.
Just like I do Educator, he was a scientist, made science in art, a prototype of protection photographs.
I realized that all the giant giants that we collect are not just scientific visibles, but we can see that we can see.
create a new form of computational photograph with slow camera and code of colors.
And let's look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion self-driven.
But there is also a funny thing.
If you look at the waves under the lid -- these are string from us.
The waves should move to us.
What happens here?
And it turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects.  Einstein would have been able to see this picture.
The order that the order is that the events are happening in the world sometimes comes into the camera.
And applying the corruption of space and time, we can correct this distribution.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change life, and you give you individuals.
A cell cell can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
And with a cell cell you can record a song, it would take it to Sulamoron and make a famous.
All of this is possible.
I'm a Child of 1984, and I live in the city of Berlin.
So let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protected for a change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine whether all these people who are together who protest in a change, had a mobile phone in the pocket.
Who did you have a mobile phone here?
Look at it.
They raise your mobile phones, they return it.
Look at it. An Android, a Balkan Balkan, work.
It's a lot. Almost all of them have a phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, of my mobile, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 lines.
Back in bruta.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the United States, I presented a director.
The director of data of Data.
So this director says that every European telephone company -- each Internet projection of Europe, has to store a broad range of information of users.
Who calls who who sends a email to who he sends to.
Who sends him a text to who he sends to.
And if we use the mobile, where we are.
All of this information is stored by at least six months, and until two years, in their telephone company or their Internet project.
And in all Europe people were planting and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data of data.
We want the authority in the digital age and we don't want the telephone and the Internet providers store all this information about us.
He had had lawyer, journalists, protects, they all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see a hundred thousand people who came out on the streets of Berlin, and they said, "Liberty, not feeling?
And some of them even said that this would be the State 2.0 people.
The State was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also asked me whether this works really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time you use the mobile?
So I asked my phone to my phone telephone, Delprose Televial, that at that time was the largest telephone of Germany, that please would send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I would ask them to ask you, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah ...
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're proticity my life.
So I decided to get you a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Delperto Telescope said no, don't give you this information.
At the end of the end we signed an agreement.
I would keep the demand and they send me the information I had.
Meanwhile, the German Medical Transition was failed to the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly friend with a CD within.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand disconsons of information.
At the first one and I said, well, it's a huge file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this file.
It was a little bit skeptical. What should it do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I step at night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data of data.
So, next to Keith Ellinger and Okay Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can go close and pull up, go back and forward.
You can see every step I go.
And you can see how I go from Franka in train to Poland, and what frequency I call in the process.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a little bit of fear.
But it's not just about me.
It's all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and call them between them.
And then one call the other one, and the other one to the other, and we ended up with this great network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate between what time they call each other, to what time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the center, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who sent a email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years old.
As I said to the beginning, imagine whether all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who I participated on this protest.
The whole of the Berlin Wall probably never happened.
And, in fact, I don't have the Earth Corner.
Because today, the state agencies and companies want to store so much information of us as possible in the website.
They want to have the possibility of following our lives and they want to store them forever.
But the authority and living in the digital era is not a contradiction.
But you have to fight the authoritation.
You have to fight that every day.
When you go home to tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not been happening.
When you go home, they give your representatives that just because companies and state agencies can store some information, don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information control of you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that serves them to remember that they have to fight the authority in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello TEDPERPH: What happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDPERPH: What happens?
I call me Massetur Zapan and I'm not error, but I know the doctor I brought into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, that's why all the time.
Look at it.
It's a short or a mix of Sharkherdin.
And Muhammad Al.
P. C is not genetics.
It's not connecting it and you can hire it.
No one was my mother out of my mother and not the passwords because my parents were prime cousins, even though they are.
Just happen by accidents, like the one who happened to me.
Now, I tell you, I'm not a source of inspiration and I don't want any of the present to you.
It feels bad for me, because at some point of life, you've been able to be discovered.
We're going to go from it.
You know, the Native Saddi, they're in the commercial center, drive in circles for parking and what do you see?
16 empty empty places.
And you think, God, can I be at least a little discovered.
Moreover, I say, I have 99 problems, and Mr. C is just one of them.
There was a puline of oppression -- I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palenzie, Muslim, woman, discovered in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Paris Climate, in New Jersey.
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initiative.
I also love that if I would like to walk from my home to New York, I could.
A lot of people with cerebral paralysis didn't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "distension?
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it -- dance find?
If my three largest sister commercials, I clean me.
If my three older sisters were going to the public school, my parents gave the school system and made sure that I was also outside, and if we were not going to go out of all the maximum note we all got the street of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years putting my feet on her feet and just walking up.
Another touch that I used was to hang a dollar on front of me to pursue it.
The spread that I carry in it was very strong and the spread.
Yeah. The first day in the childhood garden walked like a sketch camp that has gotten a lot of the short ground.
By growing up, there were only six Arab in my city and they were all of the family.
Now there are now 20 Arab -- and they're still all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't the Intailing.
This was before 9/11 and the politicians would think about appropriate to use "Hey to the Muslim camera.
The people who grew up had no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to be worried about a lot that died of hunger during the mark.
I would tell you that he had enough fat to live three different months without eating, so he will help the dawn of dawn is very easy.
Bill said in Brondia.
Yes, in Brondy. It's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so I was sending me to dance school.
I learned to dance with the technology, or I can walk with the technology.
I am in New Jersey, and we want to be girl, so if my friends used the cars, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine all summer, we would become Marvard.
In the summer of summer, often my father was trying to hear me, so I baby film milk. They put me hot strings on the back, and I plunged up in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burning my eyes and I said, "Well, it works."
But the miracle cure was the object.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before I do yoga was a state of state that I couldn't be able to stand --      ...
And now I can stand on the head.
My parents reported this idea that I could do anything else, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the Genome Hospital.
I went to university through the positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona.
It was like the pet motion of theater theater.
They all loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, I took the maximum note in my classes, and also in their class.
Every time I did a scene of the crystal area my professors crying my teachers.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Balie very slow in Jackie very slow.
This is an opera of a girl with cerebral palsy, a brain.
I was a girl with cerebral paralysis ...
So I started shouting the four winds, and I will have a paper.
I have a cerebral paradigm?
At the end of the final goal?
Thank God today, I am free?
I did not get the paper.  They gave him to Sierra Brown's gave him.
I went to precedent running to the director of the theater department, crying, historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask her why and she told me why and she told me because they thought I couldn't do the scenes of risk.
And I said, "Like, if I can't do the risk scales, you can't do the person?
It was a role for that I had literally been born and gave it to an actor.
The university was mimicking my life.
Hollywood has a serious history of adding actors without disabilities for disabilities of discovering.
When I gradually came home, I came home, and my first current tour was like extra on a plant.
My dream became reality.
And I knew it would be supported to "my "mentality, "so look at a sand sand.
Instead, I went there like a garden, not to me more than the dark, and it was obvious for me than the reporters of the reputation didn't have fat actresses, not white active, with discovering.
They just hire perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whole Gubble, Roson Barry Barric, England, and all these women had one thing in common. They were commentation.
So I made me humor.
In my first spinning I took New York in New York to New Jersey to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first comic that he took when I fell in the mind that I was at high speed on the author of New Jersey.
I worked in clubs from all the United States, and also in Arab in the Middle East, without censorship, and no sangly.
Some people say that I'm the first monitoring of the Arab world.
I never like to run the first place, but I know they never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says women are not fun, and they find very fun.
In 2003, my other mother from another mother and father, Dean Objam, and I launched the New York Community in New York in his 10.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the American media in the media and at the time you can remember the director director and Arab are not synthetic.
So to integrate Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the strategic of the discoveries.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I went like invited to the word news program count back with Keith Elabor.
I went into a gravitational dance, and they took me into a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Discover, can you give me another single?
She looked at me and said, "Five, four, three, two, two, two.
And we were live.
So I clinging into the desk of the preserver to not get out of the screen during the second, and when I finished the interview, I was filled.
At the end I had my opportunity and spending it. I knew they wouldn't get to me.
But not just Mr. Elegon came back to inviting me, but I had a complete time and pasted my chair.
Something fun I learned at Kima Northern Keby was that people on the Internet are scrut.
It tells you that children are school, but they never died from me or a little bit of a little girl.
All of a sudden, my individual industry came back to burning.
I saw online clips with comments like, "Why end electron?
"It's routed?
And my favorite, poor terrible.
What disease does it?
We should do that for it."
A communist suggested even to add my disability to my current, guys, criminal, particular.
Discovering is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't make Benjam, then Beck can't make someone in the wheelchair.
Discovering are -- yeah, addiction, man. We go.
Discovering are the largest of the world, and the most survived in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said it wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I'd have grown up with the media of communication, I don't think I would be.
I hope that we can create more positive images of disability in the media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive pictures, that would be less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My journey journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red red carpet all over the so-called Sunling Sunlings and the Great Arab Are Arab.
I came to acting in a film with Adam Sandeland and working with my pain, the incredible Dave David Matters.
The world with the world with "Also Rands have become critical.
I was advanced on the great state of New Jersey.
And I founded "The Massets of Massets, a benefit organization to give children refugees.
It was the only time my father saw me to be able to live in alive, and I devote this talk to his memory.
"Cheater in peace, fabric.
I call me Massetur Zapan, and if I can, you can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a little town to South South South.
This town is about Muslims.
The seat drives the little town to poverty and the edge of the imagination.
No anything for him there, it's going to the great city, in this case, Muslim, the Somalian capital of Somalie.
When it comes there, there is no opportunity, no work, no future of future.
He just lived in a tent in the city to the outskirts of Muslims.
So maybe a year later, nothing.
It was about a day that offers him to take it to lunch, after dinner, to chose.
It knows a dynamic group of people, which gives him a disconnection.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, to his family.
You presented a young one.
It's finally home.
It begins a new life.
It has a life.
A beautiful day at Mushmead, under a blue sky -- a bomb camera.
That little child of the little town with dreams of the big care was the suicide terror, and that dynamic group of people were to State, a terrorist organization connected with the Adam.
So how do the story of a little child of a little town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him by still still in the city with him by still still in the city with him by still still in the city with him by still still in the city with him by still still in the city with him by still still in the city
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing I arrived.
This was the first thing that we call the species of the species.
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the marine, urban people who are unemployed by drivers at Johnhan drawings in Johnhaly drivers in London, and they take some beyond the species "Period?
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment rates of unemployment strands.
By 2030, three of five people who live in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include the young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunity, the story of species, the top of the terror, to the violence, to the violence, to the chamber, to the plans, will be the story of 200 cities.
And in my birth of birth, Muslim, 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't make any virtually anything.
I came back to Muslim last month, and I went to visit the Middle Hospital.
I remember going to be in that hospital stuck to beautiful thinking, and if I never had it?
And if I had been forced to be in that same "Pigner, "Piral?
Would I have become a terrorists.
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Muslim that month was actually actually to harbor a young youth leaders in an entrepreneurial field.
I met about 90 ordinary youth leaders.
We sat in and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Muslims, it was fat.
I had no work, and no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, that because it was a graduate university graduate, undergraduately, frustrated, was the perfect white for Al Shan and other terrorist organizations, to be recently.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mushmean, the biggest hurdle to get from the point to B are the streets.
Twenty years of civil war, the civil war have been completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move around.
Adam saw an opportunity and the approval.
It started a mother company.
It started reading mothers to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is somewhere to expand hundreds of notes for the next three years.
So why is this story?
What does this different?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the entrepreneurs, and I think the entrepreneurial spirit can be the most powerful tool against the species "Period?
And I chose young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately as despited.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who went to one of my meetings Mothama, Mohambera Mohamen, a flowers.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the world of entrepreneurial initiative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, this is the first flower that Muslim has seen in more than 22 years, and so far, until Mohamber came up, if you wanted flowers for your wedding wedding -- you used a plastic of plastic sent from the overseas.
If you ask someone, "When was the last time you saw friends from friends.
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No?
So, MoMA saw an opportunity.
It started a companies of landing and flower design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Muslims, and he started to grow the tunes of Muslims, and he started to grow us to survive the last flum of Muslims.
And it started the flower of flowers for bodies, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies -- and now it's working on creating the first public park park in Muslim in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Muslim.
You want to create a space where the families, young people, can go together, and, as he says, smell the program rooms.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and on that room, the Mirian presence had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO working for the government, but his history, his innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, which could be artistic of change.
For the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the largest challenges that face the city.
They had business solutions for local problems.
So, inspiring young people and create a business culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need experience and corrinication to guide them in the development and put it into a business of their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need, the support that they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, the entrepreneurial spirit is something else to start a business.
It's to create a social impact.
MoMA is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, to transform the way people see their city.
Adam hired kids from the street to help rent rent and keep the motors for him.
I gave you the opportunity to escape the paradies of the species of "Pired."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, they convert young people in entrepreneurs, cover and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of the Peace that automatically and paradigm Parks.
Thank you.
I was about ten years old, and I went to share with my dad in the Adami mountains, an area brings north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest forest.
The sun made the leaves to glow like a village, and not to be the way that we go, we can almost figure out that we were the first human beings in firing that land.
We get to our camp.
It was a library on a trial with seen a beautiful Christian lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coverage there was a based of about four feet square with head short balls of aluminum paper balls and head water.
And I was announced, I was very except and incredibly confused.
The fields that were too lazy as to pull what they had brought up, who thought he was going to clean his data?
That question followed me, and I just simplify a little bit.
Who clean our data?
No matter how they organize or where they do the our organism? Who clean our baseball in Stalinary?
Who clean our garbage in Rio or in Paris or in London?
So here in New York, the Department of clean Sanding our baseball, in fact, 11, 180 tons of waste and two tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who that work.
What do you feel like to use the uniform.
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled on the trucks and walked through his treatments and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intense.
I needed to get to me.
So I started working as a garbage record.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drive.
And he was operating mechanical scales and back the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as printer as you believe -- and in the days that it's very strong you were about a very strong one.
It costs a lot of used to weight.
I met people who had been working on it for several years, and his bodies were following the weight of carrying on his body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Website of Laboration Stations, the waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous occupation of country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day, and they go back to you.
They just want to happen, so in general the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the garbage on it is full of dangers who are often fall on the truck and causes terrible damage.
I also learned about the mass of the trash.
When you go out of the continent and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that the garbage is like a force of nature itself.
He never stop coming.
It's like a form of breathing or circulation.
It always has to be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I think that the waste records are the most important work in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
It's the first public health protection.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective and effective every day, this begins to hate their contributions and their inherent dangers are threatened in very real ways.
Disease we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start giving us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing we don't have a space to new what the motors of economics start failing when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism. I just signal his relationship.
And then it's what I call our average speed day.
With it, I mean just the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't care about, we don't repair it, or we represed, we clean or we carry with us our coffee car, our bandom ball, our water bottle.
We use them, we threw them off, we forget about them, because we know there's a work of work on the other side that will be putting out of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways of thinking about the recents of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and put them into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and sustainable city.
Their job, I think, is almost limitation.
They're on the street every day, in the street way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you will.
And his work allows us to do our job.
It's almost a form of relief.
The flow that keep us from ourselves, from ourselves, from our own waste, our dreams, and that flow always has to stay in a way or another.
One day after September 11, 2001 -- I heard the gravitational of a recording truck truck on the street, I grab my little son and left the stairs running up, and there was a man doing her recent breeding of paper as it did all the military to you.
And I tried to thank you to do his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just attendant, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be good.
Shortly after that, I started to investigate the recent recent and I came back to see that man.
It's called Palifornan, working together many times, and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Paliforn was right.
We're going to be okay.
But in our efforts to figure out the way we exist on this planet as a species we need to include and have all the costs, even the very real human cost of the workforce of work.
The municipal waste -- what we think when we talk about trash, they represent three percent of the number of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you saw someone whose work is clean to you, just a moment to recognize them to them.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking in our community to think of our community to make part of the environment where architecture was born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are sitting in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example began with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors on the capital of Ethiopia, Adam Aber.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design about.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out to make you come up.
And after seeing some of these buildings, there are a lot of in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to take out.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very big stores that people can't afford to buy things.
And second, you need to employ a lot of energy because of the revenue with Christian generating heat in the inside, so you need a lot of cooling care.
In a city where this should not happen because it's a temperate term that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the year.
And third, it has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a penis to bring a place so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia -- I was really raised with the old market that is this structure of the outdoors where thousands of people, they go and buy things every day at small sellers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building?
The next challenge was presented by inspiring the site, which is located in a much growth zone of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we see in the picture, don't exist, they don't exist.
And then it's between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets, bringing all the entrance of the building.
And this is string with an endless air that creates a space to the air free in the building that comes up, for their own shape, the sun and the rain.
And around this space we have applied the idea of the market with little businesses that change in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I put it to think about a similar tissue to a shape of concrete with perfects to allow the air, and also the light, but in a filter way.
Then we inspire these beautiful buttons of the extensives of the extensive.
They have the properties of fractal geometry.
We're building that with these little profit pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a way controlled inside the building.
So this is communicating with these little colors of colors that use the light inside the building to light the building at night.
With these ideas didn't really have easy to convince the developers because they thought, "That is not a commercial center. It wasn't what we ask?
But we all realized that this idea of the market was going to be much more profitable than the commercial center of the mall.
And then the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not only because of the material in comparison with the glass but also because I didn't need to have air account.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to get the energy of energy for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a great advantage by putting photons on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the ceiling as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that create this urban own.
And these pieces in the roof, that often collect water for the sanitation of the interior of the inside.
It's waiting for the early year, because we go through the fifth floor of building construction.
The second example is a teacher of 200 apartments and services in Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest thing I have designed -- needed not just to understand the city of Tunisia but also their environment, their tradition and the culture.
During that analysis I put attention in the middle, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a die with dozen access doors connected by a dozen access of access for almost straight lines.
When I went into the first operation of design that we did was extend the existing streets to create 12 major initial blocks in size and characteristics that there are in Barack and other cities in Europe with these patients.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relationship with the idea of the doors interconnected.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment -- as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate.
And it's normal, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we put a scheme that makes sure most apartments are perfectly single pictures in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with the patients, and then on the plant plant we have all the connections for pedestrian people.
And it also responds to the local rules that established a greater density on the upper levels and a smaller density on the lower plant.
And it also reflects this idea of door.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost how to restore the community, the space occupied by construction.
It's where all of the neighbors, they can go up and solution, and make activities like running a two kilometers in the morning, or to jump from a building to another business.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see the cities literally grow.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in the lives of people changing communities and local economies at the same rate that the buildings.
So this is why I see even more important to look for the architecture looking for simple and simple solutions to improve the relationship between the community and the environment, and they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was so remarkable as you see all the new girls.
He had big small hair and a little list of pen, link -- I was slipped to be strong for the states of states, very good to original.
I ended up that year and I was full of cells, until I brought my own plan.
I got a day after the school of school -- I was a little bit later, and I hid in the girls.
When the coast was strongly, salt, I walked into the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the book of calibrations.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival just a little bit, just a few of you.
All the same.  And I went back to give my book to the box, but I see, some of my other classmates had very good notes as well.
So, in a sentence, I run the notes from all the world without any imagination.
I put them all of them from Dance and myself a row of this, just to be there, because I could.
I still surprise what I did.
I don't understand how the idea.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was that it was all completely obvious.
They never discovered me.
But about all, I would download the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, it was so good to original.
I have the cells.
They're so mysterious and so participant.
We know that babies suffer from the cells.
The primates. The blue birds are very problem.
We know that the cells are the number one cause one of the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that answers the loneliness, or the long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to the fiction, because the novels are like the lab that the cells were studying in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know whether it is an exaggeration to say that if there were no cells, I would have no leaders -- there would be no literature.
So there was no Hello the influence, and there would be "body?
There would be no cloud clothing, and a thousand and a night.
There was no Shakespeare.
They were going to disappear the letters of high school of high school because we would be losing "The Russian and the Furty?
Not a cell, there is no Proud -- I know it's fashionable to say Proud has the answers for all of us, and in the middle of the cells, almost that they have all of them.
This year is succeeded 100 years of his master tale, "In looking for the lost time -- the most examine study of sexual and also the order of the order of the sexual collination, I mean, everything that we might have --   and thinking about Proud, we have the mental details.
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a male museum in your savings.
We forget about how hard that picture.
We forget about what it is.
That is, it's about books that Virginia Wolve said were as hard as a cat.
I don't know what the cat of cat, but we assume it's surface.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the clusters, the Leaders and Proud.
It's going to be very obvious as the cells, who are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their progress, are a narrative slide base?
I don't know. I think we get very close to bone, when we think about what happens when we feel leaders.
When we feel leaders, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
It's going to be and addicts and audience, we know exactly what details to include the cute, right?
The cells are doing all of them who are affected, and that's something that Proud understood it.
All that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another, maybe right now.
And it starts to tell himself that history, and since then, Proud tells me that every fascinated that Saharai detects in his lover, and he adds to his collection of his concert instruments in his private chamber.
You have to admit that Saharian and Proud, were absolutely celebration.
You know, the British books would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so clear to recognize that it's a hard job. Right?
The cells are architecture.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the cells?
The cells are stuck from information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the big brings of bright hair and the cute and small ling.
The cells will be number of pictures.
This is why Institute is so successful --  Proud end good land with the cells.
When Sandi is in his adam of cells, suddenly listening behind the doors and bribe to the surfaces of his lover, then it stops those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think that this is repuration, but it's not different to the interpretation of an old text or look at a monkey."
He says, "It's a scientific research with real intelligence.
Proble is trying to prove that the cells are so interpretation and they make us seem absurd, but in their back, they're search of knowledge, search of the truth, a really painful truth.
The pain, the humilia, the loss. These were the pathways to Prober wisdom.
He says, "A woman who we need to, that makes us suffering, it causes a much deeper feeling of feeling a lot more profound and vital feelings that a man knows that can be interested?
Is it telling us that we're going to look for school women.
No. I think it's trying to say the cells reveal us to ourselves.
And there is some other excitement that makes us open us out of this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals us our aggressive and our horrible ambition and our rights?
Does some other excitement that teaches us to look with intensity so farmers?
Freud would write about this more forward.
One day, Fred was seen by a very robust young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was standing it.
And Freud says that there was something bizarre in that man, which was not left in what his wife.
So she was unique. Everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under any cause.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife, not realizing involved, involuntary behaviors.
Does it smile too much or accidentally rocketed with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the custom of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how cells are doing to look at intensity, but no accuracy.
In fact, the more intense cell we are, the more we become residents of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells are going to make a violent or illegal act.
The cells drive us to behave in a totally imagine.
Now I'm thinking about my eight years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I hear in the news.
One woman of Michael of 52 years old was captured to have created a fake account in Facebook since he was sending a living, horrible message, for a year.
For a year.
She was trying to incorporate the new girlfriend of his eye or I have to confess that when or this, they react to addiction.
Because, let's be realistic.
What a huge, but unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel of Phail Historia.
Helicopha is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and bright character of American literature.
It's the author of "strings in a Treath, and "The Tali Rid Ridy" -- books that treat how the cells, confused our minds together, and once we are on the sphere, in the middle of the cells, the membrane that separates what it might be, it can be a perfect in a second.
Take Tom Rike, his most famous character.
Tom Ridesch is going to be like, or want what you have to do is you have to run out of your self and to be given from what once you ever had, and he's under the floor -- it responds to your name, it responds to your name, it comes into your name, it takes your nanotechnology cards.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Ripel.
I can't give you all the world as much as I want to like it.
It's a landing, because we live in time of envy.
We live in the times.
That is, we are good citizens of social media, where the coin is the bindomahidation? Right?
The novels show us the role? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in the mystery of a mystery.
You go to the 2412 of Bahara Street and ask the Swin Home.
When people think about Home, think of the curse.
But I've always done to the Lesters Indian Step -- the head face of Scott York who needs Holvin House to me, needs the Homin genius, but it gets upset.
Oh, it sounds so family.
Lesters need your help -- but the residents, and I bubble with savings in the side of the mysteries each of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Seven Paperas of St. Pangles, once the Hold comes in, he went back to all of their solution, Lesters comes back to the Hold and says, "We're not cellular, Mr. Home.
We're proud of you.
And he tells him that there is no person in Scott May that I don't want to be saiding your hand.
It's one of the times that we see Holve Hold in history, it seems very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells like a geometry.
You know, in a minute Hole is the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute are the same side.
Suddenly, Lesters will allow us to admire that idea of being him.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the cells are really a geometry, just a question of where we allow us to be in relationship with the other.
Well, maybe we don't have to get away from the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the power plans.
So while we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction.
Just the discrimination of the cells.
The fiction alone used the domestic, you invite them to the table.
And look at what he was additional, the Lester Last Laste, the Swar Tame Ring, the same Proud Proud Massiver.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
The 21st of July 1990, 1996, Alabana Arabia jumped out outside of the Apollo 11 and show on the Aral Sea.
Armin and Andrew were alone, but his presence in the gray surface was the culture of a frozen collective process.
The Apollo program was the greatest mobility in the history of the U.S. history.
To get to the Moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave you about 400,000 people, and he asked the college of 20,000 companies, university and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the Moon.
Data walked on his surface, which Andrew after the death of Army the past year, is now the most old year.
So, why were they going?
They didn't have a lot of it back, 188 pounds of archiest rocks -- and something that the 24 feeding later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were you going? The cynical answer is they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviet -- that this nation had better chesses.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1969.
John F. Kenya, some ask, why the Mountain.
Why would it turn it into our goals?
And you could also ask, why do you scale the highest mountain.
35 years ago, why would I fly on the Atlanta?
Why do you play Rick against Texas."
We choose to go to the Moon.
We choose to go to the Moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but they are hard.
Jason Pontory: The South States, the Apollo was not just a security of West on the Cold War.
In the time, the stronger excitement was the work of the programs of the power of technology.
They were because it was great to be able to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a whole context of a long list of technological transmitter.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the aircraft, the penicillin, and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, you eradicate the politics and chase the smallpox.
The technology seemed to be what Algovent Tork in 1970, called Saturday "Street?
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't be able to go faster than a horse, or a ship with candle -- but in 1969.
Since 1970, no human being back to the Moon.
Nobody has traveled faster than Apollo 10, and the optimism oil about the power of technology has been exploited by seeing that we can imagine that we can imagine that we can imagine that we can imagine that the technology would solve how to go to Mars, create a clean energy, or feeding the world population seem to be interpretating.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17th.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I didn't look at the scene tube called the Saturn.
I knew that this would be the last long mission, but I was completely sure I would get to see the colony in Mars.
So that of something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologies had been distracted and have been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sale sale.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What did it happen?
There is a principal explanation in Silicon Valley, which makes you have created less ambitious companies than the years of the years that were funded in, Microsoft, Apple and Genes.
Silicon Valley, says that markets are the guilty, in concrete, the incentives that risk capital parts are offered to business.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused the creation of transformative ideas for the funding of increased problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
I just explain what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risks of risk were in their elected point without worrying about risk, they would be able to prefer small investment, mineral investment that they could go out in 10 years.
The C. has always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies like energy, who need a huge capital and the development is in the long term. They have never invested in the development of technologies that are intended to solve big problems because they don't have a immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons that we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deep and deep.
Sometimes we choose to not solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we would.
NASA's even designed a plan.
But to go to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because the political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar energy, wind and the biological biologist, and the reason is completely economic economic.
The coal and natural gas are more cheap.
We want control power sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologies and entrepreneurs and economists are according to agree about what politics and international treaties would invest the development of the alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and development of energy, and some sort of control of the coal.
But there is no hope on the political climate climate that we will see a U.S. energy policy or international deals that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seem to look like is not to be.
We know from time that humans are result of the failure in the food of food.
But 30 years of research has been taught that humans are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can better be better things like the harvest, or the systems for the storage and repair of food, but there will be hungry while there are bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes have a solution because we don't understand the problem really about.
The Nigeria President came to give you the war to cancer in 1978, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistant to treatment, and only over the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and must, but these four elements have to be present? The political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem, institutions need to support the problem: institutions must be able to support the problem: institutions have to be able to be able to be able to understand it.
The Apollo mission that has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems, complete with those criteria.
But it's a productive model in the future.
We're not in 1968.
There is no game computer like in the Cold War, there is no politician like John Kennedy who heroses the hard and the dangerous, and there is no pleasure of science fiction as we can explore the solar system.
In general, going to the moon it turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And I really didn't even have any problems.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get.
God knows that they're not missing the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start giving you the growth ideas that have about trust.
They're so common that have become climate of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a risk: there's been a big decline of trust, it's a very general belief of creation.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task. We should recover the trust.
I think that record, the goal and the task have been better interviewed.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a rock, a goal and a task, which I think gives you a more clear idea about the subject.
First of the risk, why do people think that trust has discovered?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I'm sorry to think that it can have done in some activities or institutions, and it could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go to the eyes of view, and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has been discussing.
When you look at the support of opinion over time, there aren't a lot of evidence of it.
That is to say, the people who gave it 20 years ago, mostly journalists and political and political and politicians, they continue to inspire the same disconnection.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite conference?
The rest is in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half of it.
But is this enough evidence.
What the Internet polls are recorded are, of course, opinion.
What else can you recommend?
What you look at is the generic attitudes that people are saying when you ask some questions.
Contacts in politicians -- trust the teachers?
Now, if you ask you to ask you in the grandmothers.
Controls in the fish?
Counts in the primary teachers?
You probably start to ask, "To do what?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you have answered your question, "Well, I trust some of you, but in some of you not."
Which is very rational.
In fact, in the real life, we tend to detect trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel like for a determined kind of office, and it works or kind of person, is going to be an uniform.
I could, for instance, to say that I trust a certain teacher of primary I know to give you the kind of reading, but otherwise to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good behavior.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe for a secret.
Just simple.
And if we've gotten those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we stop all that knowledge when we think about the trust in the most abstract way?
I think the polls are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to overcome the good industrial judgment in fact to trust something or in someone.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
And frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not that the goal that I would do.
I would play to have more trust in what is meeting conference, but not what it is.
In the way, I am a paradigm of not to trust what it's not reliable.
And I think those people who gave their savings with the very closely called Mr. Machine, which then disappeared with them, I think of them, I think, well, yeah, they were too confident.
Having more trust is not a smart goal in this life.
It trust dependent or denied with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you say it, he tells you, yeah, it means -- that means that what matters in the first place is not trust, but the conflict.
What it's about is to make a judgment about how reliable people are the people in determined ways.
And I think to be able to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are you completely? Are you honest? They're responsible?
And if we find that one person is composed in the permanent matter, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it because it's going to be a little bit of trust.
But if, in the contrary, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're fired.
I have friends who are very sure they can do some things, but I see that they subsidize their own competition.
And I'm glad a lot to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are competitive and responsible but extremely disasters.
If it is like this, I still haven't been done.
But that's what we're looking for, and it's a collaboration before it trust.
Trust is the answer.
The conflict is what we have to judge.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've been trying to build control systems for all kinds of institutions, professional institutions, officials and others, that make us easier the task of judge their conflict.
A lot of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work.
I remember once I was talking to a party and he said, "Well, you'll see, the problem is that you take more time to make the administrative piece of participant that I'm going to take on the side of the part.
And we find the same problem in all our public life, and institutional and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to ensure the conflict and the testing testing, actually is doing the opposite.
What they do is they will tell the work of people who have to make tough tasks -- like the parts -- taking the samples, and we say.
I certainly know that all of you know similar examples.
All that, for the goal.
I think the goal should be more conflict, and that things would be different if we try to be a little bit of trust, and we will transfer people that we're reliable and we will try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the judgment -- the simple actions, the attitudes that don't do it anymore.
Third, the task.
So I'll call the task to rebuild the trust, and it puts things to the guys.
I suggest that you and I should rebuild the trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild a little bit of the conflict.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve the trust.
But trust trust, in the way, is different because they give us other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so you can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't get strong, usually to all people, all the time.
But you can also have to be able to be able to be able to have a little bit of friends that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do it?
That is done in the day, all of the parts -- the common people, the works, the institutions, very effectively.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
The shop where I buy my cards say that I can give them out without giving them exploring.
I take them up and get my money, or they change the color that I want to.
That's dead. I trust them because they get vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson on that.
If you get vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have trust what you're saying.
So at the end, I think what we're putting is not a very difficult thing to describe.
In what people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginnings of computers we've been forced to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen that the imagination can be doubled.
This separation has been rediscorted -- increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one mine, the spring of a tactile screen, and the power of computer has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask me, and if there were no barries?
I started to imagine how it would be.
First of the first created this tool that comes into the digital space, so when the top of the string against the screen transfers their physical body to the pieces.
The designers can motivate their ideas directly in 3D and surgeons can practice with virtual organs below the screen.
So, with this tool is breaking the barries.
But the two hands remains still out of the screen.
How do you get in the interior and interact with digital information using all the detail of the hands?
In the division of Microsoft Allievander in Microsoft, along with my mentor Chat Bulling, and I reduced the computer and brought a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent glass with deep cards to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard will get into the interior of 3D space, and grab sleeps directly with the hands.
As the windows and the files have an location in the real space, to select them is so easy to grab a book of a state.
You can take the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual technical technical that there is below every floating screen.
The architects can be or rotate their machines directly with hands.
In these example, we enter the digital world.
And if we invest the papers and make the digital information come into us?
So surely, many of us will have bought and put things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual test of the Internet.
This is the view that you get from a device sitting in your head or transported when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If you take this idea more far, I thought, instead of just seeing postcards in space, how can we make them to be physical so that we can touch them and feel them.
How would a future like this?
In the Middle Lab of MIT with my author Hiroshi Israel and my collaborator, Rim Post, created this only physical piece of physical piece.
This spherical electromagnet is behave as a 3D pixel in the space, which means that the computer as users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
So simply, what we did was anglide the gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation combination and mechanical and detector.
And by programming the object, we release it from the constraints of the time and space, which means that human movements can be recorded and go back to reproduce and go back and go back and stay in the physical world.
You can teach cheap cheap and distance and the famous shots of Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want to do.
Students can use it as a tool to understand concepts as the movement of planets, the physicist, and unlike the monkey or the textbook books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel -- it's very powerful.
But what is most fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, the digital information will not just show us something but to start acting directly about us as a part of the physical world that surrounds us without us that we have to get to us from our world.
We start talking about a barrier, but if we suppressed that barrier, the only limits that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
I trained to become a gym for two years in Hunga, China, in the '70s.
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school school with all the paid spending.
But my mother has said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After you can survive the Cultural Revolution, they create firmly a straight road towards happiness -- a safe and good job.
No matter whether the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese part.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
An opera singer has to start to be going to start to train from very young, so you can learn the acceptions, so I tried everything I could have to go to the opera school.
Until I wrote the director of school and a radio program.
But no adult gave him the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Just my friends supported me, but they were children, no authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew it was too much more to train.
My dream would never be done.
topic, that during the rest of my life a second class was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved for another voice.
No one around me, I wanted to teach me, OK.
I went to the books.
"Okay Sands of Sandi --  Stem Earth Chinese -- Lecor Sun came to the United States in 1995, and what were the first books I have here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
The Good Earth is about Chinese campaign.
And it's not spending convenient to it.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revenue, honor your father and your mother."
"Honey, I told me, "It's so different, and much better than obese?
So it became my tool to get out of this confidence of confusion and to restore the relationship with my parents.
And I find it with a new culture also led to my comparative reading.
Bring a lot of perspectives.
For instance, at the first example, this map was going to me outside because this is what the students in China will learn.
I had never occurred to me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
The comparative reading is not something new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research fields like comparative religion and comparative literature.
compare and contrast, he offers the academics a deeper understanding of a topic.
And I thought that if the comparative reading was working to investigate, why don't I do it as well in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can treat people in the Water Isaaling "Jangard School -- "John Americans who were involved in the same success, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Crisis, the tensions are economic and political and specialized.
For the Buddha, they're all psychologically, lust, fear and the social story.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read their favorite books in two languages.
"The path of Chinese Tubes. Thomas Martin States States San Asaalie instead of losing the translation -- I found that you can win a lot of it.
For instance, it's through the translation that I realized that happiness."
And "In Chinese, it literally means new mother." Oh.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people in the past and the present.
I know I will not feel like to feel alone or important.
Having a sleep dream is really not compared to what many others have happened.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a dream dreamed can do that for you.
And it's thanks to the books, which I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clarity, most of the time.
So the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychotherapy care.
I was a Ph.D. student in Blank psychology.
She was a 20 year-old woman called Alex.
Alex walked into the first session using values and a flow to fly on the couch of my office left the shoes and told me I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I hear this, I felt so hand.
My classmates had a piece of piece as first clip.
And I took me a week I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't do it.
With the stories that Alex went to the sessions, it made me easy to move the head while we went back the solution.
"The trains are the new week? All the time I would see, she was right.
You start to work after it, it has the children later, you have children after death goes out after death.
For the very few of you like Alex and I had time of sound.
But so soon after me, my exhibition introduced me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I rescued me.
I said, "Of course, it's coming up with guys below his category, it comes up with a fresh head -- but it's not like to marry it."
And then my survive said, "All no, but maybe it's married with the next one.
Moreover, the best time to work on the Mather of Alex is before it causes?
This is what psychologists call a moment.
It was when I realized that the 1930s are not the new 10.
Yes, people feel head after what it was used to do, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex were a pause in their development.
This was made in Alex of Alex were the perfect moment, and we were drawing it.
So I realized that this kind of benign negotiation was a real problem and had real consequences -- not just for Alex and his love and his love but for roads -- the families and the future of neighborhoods anyway.
There are 50 million weeks in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think no one comes to the adult without going to happen before the 20s.
You raise your hand if you're in your 20s, if you're in your 20s, you're in your 20s, if you're in their 20s, you're at it.
I want to see the very letters here.
Oh, yeah. They're incredible.
If you work with young, you love a very, you take a seventh of you, you remove a sea, I want to see. It's OK -- incredibly the versions of truth matter.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
So this means that eight of 10 decisions and experiences and moments and moments, and they give them shape to your life will have gone past the time you have 30 and so many.
People of more than 40, don't go in the panist.
This audience is going to be fine, I believe.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact about how much money they will win.
We know that more than the American half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up their second and last stage of growth in their 20s, and it's represented for the adult, which means that if there is something you want to change themselves, now it's the moment to change it.
We know that the personality changes more times during their 20s, that at any other moment of life, and we know that female fertility comes into their top at 28 and things become complicated at the age of 35.
The 20 are the moment to educate about your body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are critical for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your daily life and common has an impact on the person who will become them.
But what we don't hear with frequency is that there's something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the aliens are listening.
Projects talk about changes on the line of the adult time.
The researchers call at the age of 20 percent strangers.
The journalists gave him ridiculous names to the very leaves as "Jeanings.
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial that is actually the decade that defines the adult time.
Leonardo Berns said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not it?
What do you believe when you give you painters to a window on your head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your lives?
It doesn't happen.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and his ambition and doesn't happen absolutely anything.
And then every day, intelligent very seven, interesting like you or your children and daughters get to my office and say something like this: "I know that my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "All they start a race before the 30, everything will be fine."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20s, they're going to be close and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curious the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound something like this, "My dates for the 20s, were like the chair of the chairs.
They all run and fun, but then at some time about 30.
I didn't want to be the only one who would be stop, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30.
Where are the weeks here?
Don't do that.
Well, that's a little extreme, but it's not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for 30 percent, there is a huge pressure to the trees and so many of them start a career, choosing a city, to choose a country, and have two or three children in a much more short time period of time.
A lot of these things are not compatible -- and there are research that start to show you, which is much more difficult and stressful to do all of it once at the 1930s to do everything once at the '70s.
The crisis of the middle age is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the race you want to do now.
You realize you can't have the son you want to do now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of treatments and care people see themselves, and me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20s, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the aliens are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called "Momina.
By the age of 25, Emma came to my office because I was in his own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said that he would like to work on art or the entertainment, but I could not actually decide, so I spent the last few years working as a month.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend who showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very hard, his previous life had been even more difficult.
I cried up in our sessions, but then she was striking her as he said, "You don't choose his family, but it can choose his friends."
Well, one day Emma came up with his head on his legs and cry for almost the hour.
I had just bought a new book for direction, and I had spent all the morning filling with his many contacts -- but then you get seeing the empty space that remains after the words "In case of emergency -- please call ..."
I was about the history when she saw me, and he said, "Who is going to be for me, if I have an authority accident.
Who is going to take care if I give me cancer?
At that moment, I took a lot of work to resist and not say, "I "ever?
What Emma needed was not a therapist that really would be worried about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot of I worked with Alex as I just felt while the decade of Emma was going on front of it.
So for the next weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all the week, man or woman, deserves to know to know.
First, I told Emma that would forget from that crisis of identity and got identity.
For identity capital, I mean to do something that takes value to your person.
To do something that is an investment in what they want to be after.
I didn't know the future of Charitan career, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this -- capital identity generates of identity.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that interest, of that company that you want to go.
I'm not discovering the week exploration, I am discovering the exploration that I should not tell you, that by the way, it's not exploration.
It's process.
I said to Emma to explore jobs and make them count.
Secondly, I told Emma that urban tribes are survived.
The best friends are excellent to take it into the airport, but the very very weeks that put together with friends with similar minds are limited in the time who you know, what you know, how do you know, how do you think, how do you think, how they do they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will come out almost always comes out of his closest crime.
The new things come from what they're called weak school friends friends from their friends.
Yes, half of the very levels have a bad work or don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak ties.
The half of the work workers are never published, then knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way to get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information is happening.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a week, Emma will soon choose to choose his family when I have a partner and formed his own family.
I told me that the time to choose his family had arrived.
You might think that the 30 is better age to feel head that the 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live now or show you now when everyone in Facebook, they start to walk into the high is not progress.
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have, and that means to be so intentional in love as you're in the job.
To choose your family has to be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or kill time with anyone who is that you choose them to you.
So what happened with emergency?
Well, we looked at that direction, and she found the county of a cousin that worked on a museum of art in another state.
This weak school helped him get a job.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the girlfriend that I live.
Now, five years later, it's special organization of events.
This has a man who chose consciously, concertage.
He loves his new career, loves his new family, and I sent me a letter that said, "Well the spaces of emergency of emergency are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with very lives.
It's very easy to help you.
The very levers are like planes that come out of the Los Angeles, which comes somewhere in the west.
Right before the sapper, a slight fit in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in First.
In the same way, at the same time at the same time at the same time at the same time at the same time at the same time at the same time at the same time at the same time at the same time, and even at the age of 29, a good conversation, a good terms, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or
So here this is my idea to spread all the very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very depth.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of telling you to very lives like Emma every day, the treatments are not the new 20, they remove their adult, they get a quality of identity -- they keep their lawyers -- they carry your family lines.
Don't let me define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very compelling job in management for a work that was even more efficiently, the doctor.
I went to show you mathematicians on seventh grade in New York schools.
And as any professor, I put tests and test emergence.
I give you tasks.
When the work came back, I would calculate the grades.
What I called the attention was that the CEO was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance had no corn crime polices.
Some of my smartest children were not getting them so well.
And that was going to think about it.
The kind of things that you need to learn in state of seventh degrees, safe, are hard, protections, democratic area, the area of a parallel.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years more than doctors, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a mental perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure the best way to measure.
It's the C.U. but what if you have success in school and life depends a lot more than the ability to learn how fast and easy?
So I left the classrooms, and I went to university to become psychology.
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of states of challenging, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the Minister West Western Pennite.
So we try to predict what things would stay on military training.
We went to the National Congress of Delth and try to predict what children will move as far as possible.
We study novel teachers working on really difficult neighborhoods working on really difficult neighborhoods, asking me what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school year and of those who will be the most effective to improve the results of the learning of their students?
We associate with private companies, asking you, what about these marketers are going to keep their job postulation?
And who is going to win more money?
In all those very different contexts, it emerged a feature as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't the social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health and wasn't the C.
It was determining.
Determination is passion and performances to reach very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to get to your future, day after day, not just the week, not just for the month, but for years, and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live as if it was a marathon, not a race to all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools.
I asked him to thousands of high school students who were doing my determination changing, and then wait about over a year to see who they were graduating.
It turns out that the kids with more determination had significantly greater likely to gravity, even when I missed them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the result of the standard income, the results of standardized testing, even the security that the kids felt when they were in school.
So it's not just in West Point or at the Democratic Cancer Cancer in which the detection matters -- it's also in school, especially for children in risk of bringing it in.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little you know about the science about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do I develop the determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid ethical solar."
How do you keep the long time?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  So what I know is that the talent doesn't give you the demonstration.
Our data show very clearly that there are a lot of talented individuals that simply don't follow with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the constantly determines is not related or it's even related to the measure of talents.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth "country."
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol Decade, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not first, that it can change the effort.
Dr. Draw has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows into the challenge, they're much more likely to do when they fail, because they don't believe that that failure is a permanent condition.
So the growth of growth is a big idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work that we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our most strong intuitions and we need to try it.
We need to measure whether they have been successful, and we have to be willing to fail to fail, to get wrong, to start all again with the lessons.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children to be more defended.
Thank you.
I grew up in Taiwan like the daughter of a calculus, one of my most scary memories is my mother showing beauty, the shape and the shape of the Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreign end, it seems like the Great Wall Charley China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering whether I can describe this wall, so that you want to understand and appreciating the beauty of this sophisticated protein can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw each of the traces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic will understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of basic literature, enough enough to read signs of traffic, a month, to understand the basic idea of the website or the newspapers.
I'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open his mouth as much as you might be possible until it was carefully.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
person.
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms in both sides -- as if I was shouting differently, "Audience: I'm getting? This symbol is actually original in the shape of the flame -- but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of a hand on the old west.
I call the radical cards.
They're building a lot more characters.
A person.
If someone walks back, that's going to go.
As the old said, two are company, three are criminal.
If one person would be in your arm, this person is saying, "It was a big thing.
The person inside the mouth, the person is addressed.
It's a prison, as Jon's inside the whales.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the footprints.
Put a mouth on the tree -- that's a "dishere.  East to remember, because a parallel tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it makes it very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of calls.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's going to burn it.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two solar solars, proud it.
Three together, those are drinks.
Put the sun and the Moon bringing together, that's the brilliant.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon.
A door. Put a table inside the door, is the chicken charity.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
The chain, there is someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door, stage, evaluable.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, take care is adult.
So we've already happened for nearly 30 characters.
When you use this method, the first eight radical cards will allow them to build 32 agendars.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every small effort, you will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of character, which is the same thing that you learn a Chinese of eight years.
So after knowing the characters -- we start creating French.
For instance, the mountain and the fire together, we have a flower of fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the sun.
This is a sun placed with the origins, because Japan is on the east of China.
So a sun next to the origins, we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains stuck on the other.
In ancient China, that meant in extent, because the Chinese entrepreneurs would be determined to their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exhibition has become to go out.
A mouth that tells you where you go out is a relief.
This is a slide to remember that I should stop talking about the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer from being dad is the films I get to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oxy one together.
The movie took his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Laking, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a bright dress and take a magic variation.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
Now we live and create our children in a kind of industrial complex of childhood fantasy spectrum.
However, the God of Oz was an event in the same.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a time last years later with, interestingly, another movie whose protesters, a metal boy and a little boy had been rescued to a girl on the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about.  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there is a couple of big differences between the old of Oz and all the films that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the E.U.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive as the apples.
But I think if I think that if I think of Oz of Oz is made today, the magician, would say, Dohamb, you're the or the prophecy.
You use magical shoes to defeat the army generated for computer blood.
But that's not what happens.
Another one thing from the Olympic of Oz is that the most heroic characters, said and even the window are women.
I started noticing this when I did Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that moment, he also had a son.
Just three years.
It was not invited to the projection, because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the level of survival had gone down.  So it was defined in the room and she was impressed as a breast mom with his patterns, and I don't think he would understand what happened, but unfortunately, I would understand everything.
I ask me what it is.
Would you be a series of value, performances and little?
Would you have the feeling that Luturn is one to an army to do to do the government to government?
So let's share this with Orie of Ocean from 199.
How do you win his film?
So doing good meters with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world where I want my children to grow on, okay? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much family from family, friend in the films for our children, and so little about the single yellow classroom?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I have not read so much about how children react to this stimulation to this.
I know because of the experience that the Princess Last did not provide the right framework that had been served to navigate the world of the adults which is microscope.  I think that at the moment of the first kiss of the boat, I really hoped that the credit will be able to be able to get out because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has done, I have a never.
Why do you follow there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films focused on defeat the village and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other advances.
It's almost like a child, you have to be an animal discredion, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war of war.
There are a lot of exceptions and defend the Princess of Disney before any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they guys, are not really their objective public.
They make a phenomenal job when you teach girls how to defend the patients, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pathing.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, so real and love and love and breads like Herbie and Katta, but they don't stop being film of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all the time continues to be growing up in classical class, each of them on the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men and his son and his son and his son, or two men who raised a girl.
Until a lot of you are thinking, this year, finally came water.
I recommend it to all of you. It's available in stores.
Do you remember what the critical crime did when he came out of the crime.
I can't believe that Pixar has done a movie of a print.
It's very good. Don't let that stop it.
Well, almost none of these films is happening by GSS.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet been rather roots and it's providing it, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alaki GNA is a comic driver, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend of a friend of the movie of the movies.
And it's very simple. There is just three questions that need to do -- in the movie, there is more than a female character that has lines?
So you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talk about it somewhere in the movie?
Their conversations are about something else of the kid that so much like you like --  Okay? Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things between it.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality movie, Ala.
Right? Russ of Exception, success of Scott, a sense of consensus of what a Hollywood Hollywood movie.
In fact, it doesn't happen in Secret Get.
And I don't think I should be, because a lot of the movie, I don't know whether you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an ambassador where men and women are hidden during the crisis of the managers and women.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep conversations and painful in this hide, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, "You see the bed, cardion.
This is Hollywood.
So just in the numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 more popular films, how many of them believe they have female protesters?
And I am not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's okay.
But there is a bigger number that this is going to detect this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says that it has been accessible for once in his life.
I don't think it's the curiosity of mass training.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with that.
Nor I think the music of music or pornography are closely linked but something wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things that I think is there is a great amount of sexual archies.
Who are those guys? What are you learning?
What don't you get to learn.
They are using the story that says that the role of a male hero hero is to defeat the rape with violence and then to charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and don't talk about?
Are we supporting that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same, we find this world and this very alarming statistics and we want to prepare them.
We have the tools to our disposal as a spinning power, and we hope that it will help you, but I have to ask, but I have to ask, and I have to ask you, and I have to do it to be able to do it if, at the same time, active or passively -- are we educating our children to keep their own male power?
I mean, I think that Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of massive is radically changing.
You will have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home of home and the arguments.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character of Star Wars -- you know what he said, "I did what he meant.
Objam.
Objam and Kenya.
What are you in common.
Maybe it's not just the bright select.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those films that you know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want a few stories where I tell my son, he sees and fight alone and more stories where his work is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, to help other people better better and become better people, like the Ox of the O.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine and one of the things that I liked to do was to look for sea guards on the coast of Maine because my parents told me that I'm going to give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these controls.
They are covered from sand and it's hard to see it.
However, over time, I used to look at them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me to put them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying egology, I realized that I saw my own eyes was not enough.
Because, of course, in Egypt my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles of length alongside the Elio.
My sea cards had grown the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
So to try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do in another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when you use the infrastructure.
This is a place in the East East of Egypt called Bends.
And the place, in the naked view, seems to be shark, but when we use the infrared and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like brilliant routes.
What you're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the ancient electrical engineering.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an old Egyptian city, called It Ideal, lost for thousands of years.
It was the cartional of the old Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Fail, Egypt and it's really important because in the Middle Empire -- there was this great renew of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
Egyptians have always known that Italy was located somewhere close to the Pyramids of the two children who were built, independent within the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge aluminum of algorithm.
This area is huge. It measures about 6.5 for 4,500 miles.
Before the Elech flows right on the side of Italy, and as he changed over time, it was brought into this and cover all the city.
So how do you find a high city on an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it to the alarm would be the equivalent to seek a needle in a stop, with the eyes sold and using baseball guns.
So we use NASA transportation data to make a map of place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Elex is.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see within the circle here, that we think it could be the office of Italy.
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists doing show jobs, you can see it here.
When I say a show -- it's like the shots of show in ice, but instead of layer of climate change, we find layers of human carcering.
Five feet down, under a thick layer of side, we find a dense of the determines of ceramics.
This means that in this possible location of Italy, five meters down, we have a range of occupation of several hundreds of years that make the Middle Emerge, exactly the same period that we think is It is Italian.
We also find the firef of freedom, corner, fourth and catch, what shows that there was a jewelry transport.
This might seem like it's not a lot of it, but when we think about the most common stones used on the Middle Emergency, these are the stones that they used to.
So, we have a dense of occupation that makes the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry shoe that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find Italy here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to get it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to make young Egyptians in using satellite technology so that they can also make big discoveries.
I want to finish with my favorite quote of the Middle Empire -- probably was written in Italy 4,000 years ago.
sharing knowledge is the largest of all vaccines.
There's nothing like that on the land.
So it looks like -- TED was not founded in 1984, D.C.
So the ideas are actually actually started in 1984 to C in a life of losing not a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search of marine states in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine it outside, in front of the door of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that it's done.
Now you visualize a group of number of objects on bike original.
They're competing in a bricks of bikes, and they are going on the direction to his interconnected door.
I need you to see this really.
They're filling strong, they're sustainable, they're going on a lot.
And they run from front of the door of his house.
There are bikes, flying all over all parts of parts who go on on the side of the wheels that end up in the way that they end up in the protect of the door, password the printer of the door.
In the middle, the hallway, or what there is the other side of the door, and see the quality of light. The light shining on the Monoson of the Galdendess.
It's saving them with your hand.
From his chair on a brown horse.
It's a horse I talk about.
You can feel your blue plant by making sheets in the nose.
You can smell the step of oats.
They go on on the side and they go into their living room.
You know, in the room, and doing a lot of your imagination, imagine British Separats.
It's with a little bit of clothes, dancing on his concern metalon, singing "Hey Babby Earth Time.
Now take the kitchen.
The floor has been coated with a yellow of yellow limbs and from the oven, come up with you Dohardo, the Postail man, the Danuary Man, the Landi of "The "Or the Landi of "The "Or the Landi of "The "Or the Lander of "The "Or the Lander of "The "Or the Lander of "The "Or the Lander of "The Mag, saving your hands out of you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes up every spring.
It's called the Memory Camprins of the United States.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting, I guess, that this was like the end of a support support support.
There were a number of men and a few ladies of different and different heads of hygiene.
They were taking hundreds of random numbers looking at them just once.
Memorized the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
Movement entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who I could memorize the most rapid the order of a farmer broke.
And I said, "This is incredible?
These people have to be phenomenon.
And I started talking to some of the computers.
This is a man named Ed Child who had come from England and has one of the best trained memory.
I said, "Hey, when you realized you were a saint?
I said, "I am not a kidney.
Actually, I have a average memory.
All of them who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have been trained to perform these miracle acts of memory using an old techniques using old techniques -- invented a half years ago in Greece, the same techniques who used China to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize the feelings of felties.
And my reaction was, "You know. How did I have heard of this before?
We were standing out of the outside of the competition, and Ed who is a wonderful English English and brilliant English -- he said, "Jouse you're a American journalist period.
Do you know British Speach?
And I said, "What?" No, why?
"Because I'd like to show Brean Separd how to memorize the order in a living glass barder, national television barrier.
That would prove the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Separand, but maybe you can teach me.
So you have to start for something?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year, not just training my memory, but also research, trying to understand how it works, why don't sometimes work and what it can be their potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.U.
He's ambition, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's awesome.
Somebody incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allows you to see how much the memory our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Penet. He was based for the role of Daual Howard in the movie "Criminal Man."
We spent one afternoon in the public library of Salt Lake City, memory general guiders, was centralization.
And when you go back, I read a number of treated about written memory a little more than 2,000 years ago in the Antarctic.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time that this idea of having a trained memory -- discussing and growing up wasn't a thing as it can afford to be done today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide laboratory their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed us.
They've changed us culturally and I would say that they've changed as well.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes it seems like we have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet in our planet where you still find people passionate by this idea of a trained memory concerned, discussing and growing is this kind of memory singing.
It's actually not so smart, there are competition like this all over the world.
I was fascinated to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers of London College University invited a group of memory champions in the lab.
They wanted to know that it has some brains in some ways, structure or statistically different from the rest of us?
The answer was not.
Are you more smart than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compare them.
When they put them into a magnetic resonance machine, they scan their brains while we memorize numbers, expensive and forms of snow of snow -- they found that in the memory champions were struggling parts of the brain, different than others.
In effect, they used -- or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that is involved space and navigate memory.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is an armed race in where each year comes up with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the computers need to put a day.
This is my friend Ben Prince, three times per memory.
In his desk, in front of it, there are 36 desks of development friends that he is about to try to take memorized in an hour, using a technique that he invented and just him he domains.
He used a similar technique to memorize the price of 141 dinosaur digital digital diagnoses.
Yeah.
And while there's a great amount of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end that psychologists call Labiant codilinery.
It illustrates with a paradigm plant known as the "participation parks, "Bandarian says this: I tell two people who remember the same word -- I say to you, remember there is a man called Baraha.
That's his represent.
And then I said, "You remember there's a "band "in a "beauty.
And when I go back later, and I ask you to remember that word I told you a time?
"Do you remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that his work is "band."
The same word, different reaching capability? That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the Barket name actually doesn't mean anything for you. It has no relationship to you.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, barriculus. We know paintings.
They use little white shadows.
They have harmony in your hands.
They smell when you go home to work.
We probably know some patterns.
And when we were hearing that word for the first time, we started to put social penguins to get them very easily.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 250 years ago.
It's called the "Little "Line.
The story says this: There was a poet called the Similar School came to a bank.
They had hired it as an entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it was not going to take a door, he would have a poet.
He stood out of feet, he received his memory of memory, and she was made, and so soon it was, the bank of the bank was collapsed by the bank.
They killing them to everyone.
But I don't just kill them to everyone, but the bodies were going to put them wrong.
Nobody could say who I was there, no one could remember where they were sitting in.
So you couldn't be able to get the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Amissain, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed your eyes, and I realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where it had been sitting every invented.
I took the family in the hand taking them out where they were their loved ones.
What you say the Similar Similars at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively, and it is that no matter whether we're not good to remember names or numbers of the word of the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exception of the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If you ask you to get the first 10 words of history that I just told you about Americans, it's very likely to do it very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who I was sitting on the front pocket horse in his lobby, it would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with your eyes of your mind and put it from images with the things that you want to remember to remember -- the more local, check, face, fired and advanced to be the image, more unacceptable to be.
This is a advice that comes from more than 2,000 years ago, to the first memories of memory, in Latin late.
And how does it work?
So let's say you have been invited to TED to give a talk and they want to do it, and they want to do it as memory in the same way that I had done if you have invited it to TEDx 200 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that they're on the door of your house.
And I would have a kind of absolutely ridiculous image, and it crazy and innovative to help them remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely installation complete.
And then you can imagine entering his house, and you can see the Montal Galden Monterey on Missouri II on Missouri II.
And that would remember you want to introduce his friend Ed Homo.
And then you'll see British Separand to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell.
And then they would go in the kitchen, and the fourth subject that they would talk about would be that strange journey they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help you remember it.
This is like the Roman regions memorize their discoveries, no word for word, which is going to confuse it but typical per typical toy.
In fact, the term typical the term comes from the God topics, which means "Shell.
It's a dress of when people thought about the narrative and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase, "French, it would be like the first place in his memory.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got full of full on that.
I went to some of these memories of memory and had the idea of writing something bizarre about this supporting of competitive memories.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a politically boring event.
Seriously, it's like to see a lot of people sitting by the extends taking exams. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is going on the front of it.
I'm a journalist and I need to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in his place.
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I felt the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school announcement bought in a fluid market.
And I discovered that this was incredibly entertainment.
I'd never expect it to it.
It was entertainment, because it wasn't just to train the memory.
What is actually about doing is to better better and more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images -- comics, profiting, installation, addition and honest -- in the eye of the mind.
I get stuck with this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
This is a pair of origins and some safety games covered with tape.
I ended up coming back to the same course that I had covered a year before I had the idea that I could enter it, in a kind of participatory peripheriance.
I thought this could be a good school for all my research.
The problem was that the problem came out of control.
And I won the contest -- something I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to measure speeches and number of phone, and you buy them, but this is not the point.
These are just just trick.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need that they will be able to build the memory of memory or measure the friends of Aris -- to benefit with a little bit of perception about how your mind works.
And often we talk about people with a big memory as if it would be an innate day, but it's not the case.
The big memories are education.
The most basic level, remember when we put attention.
We remember when we concentrate deeply.
The male of the memory. These memory techniques are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even attendation.
They work because they make we work.
They force a kind of deep processing -- sort of complete attention that most of us don't have to run out there.
But the reality is that there is no shortcuts.
This is how things are getting memorable.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today, it's what E, the phonize I couldn't even remember I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion of life that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence of the Barance or iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks on our side -- will we be so honor that we don't even bother give us in process in progressionality.
I learned from the first hand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you need to be the kind of person who remembers remembering remember.
Thank you.
I'm going to tell you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we'll tackle just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from A. Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there in home of my parents in a town called Lingain, and this was my child's children.
On the corner, from my bedroom. I was the bathroom I share with my sister.
And among my bedroom. And the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the room to be there.
And there were all the time watching the text. So every time I was going from my room to the bathroom, everybody would see me, and every time I gave me back into a towel. Everyone would see me.
And I was like this.
It was toring, and I hate it.
He hated that collect, hated that bank, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready?
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture because architecture is not about math, and of those visceral connections, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, which we feel in the places that we do.
And it's not to extract that we sit in that way, because according to the environmental Protection  Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
I mean, 90 percent of the time are surrounded from architecture.
That's a lot.
The architecture determines us in ways that we don't even notice.
That makes us a little bit of understanding and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you do is you think about power, stational and "criminal."
And I know you think about it for being based on a building built 250 years ago.
This is a trick.
It's a disaster using architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable concertage connection, we've used this trick from a long time long.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build houses.
See, these stable soldiers -- solid, front of sea, front of the elements.
This is very, very useful.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build the crowds and governments are always afraid to innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we found with buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
This is the Liberia Public of Lingai who ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and you know, you have a cloud, you have this round -- collection -- critical ride, random leader, that let me train what Linguin tries to communicate with this building?
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library of today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, got another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use the media of communication.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to get together, read and sharing.
So, how is it possible that in the same year, in the same year, two buildings, both of them called librarian, be so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works about the beginning of the phone.
On one side is innovation, the architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for the forms of current life.
We drive, we drive and we drive so much, that we have completely about people.
All of black, this is depressed, you believe that we feel very well, but we're dead in the inside because we don't have another option.
We need to go to the other side and come back to connect with those arms appropriated.
So we do it, and we are all happy, but we feel like transitions, so we start to experience again, we make a number of the back of the back of the back, over over and over again. So we've done in the last 300 years, and of course it is, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago we came out of the '70s.
The architects were busy busy on the so-called commercial.
It has to do with the concrete.
That can be adding.
Small windows in scale school.
Something really hard.
So we approached the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the planet again in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that they like and we update them.
We add and we added passengers and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give up.
We take Chinese crime and become richarly skyscrapers that can be the medieval charges made of glass.
The shapes were made, they won in audacity and color.
The Americans became colonies.
The children grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the rat in commercial centers -- we move to the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasy could be to metric, to French.
I possibly have a picture of bread.
This is what happens with the power.
This is what happens with the symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember memories of other places.
I know very well, and you know, this is not the Toston.
This is Ohio.
The architects are frustrated and we start to make the title of new in the other direction.
In the 1980s, and in the early '90s, we started to experience with the so-called devices.
We take up the historical symbols, now we count with new design techniques now, and we find with new components -- a few ways that star against other ways.
This is academic and breathing, and it's super putting interpretation? One is totally excited.
So normally, the put of nuclear direction in the opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, it is introduced this building.
It's the GGB of Billeon from Billam German.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Gubble said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical and accidents and public in general, they were completely about a building.
The New York Times called this miracle construction.
The tourism in Bilbao came up with a 2,500 percent when the building.
So, all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, Chicago, Nim China: Schina.
Everyone wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes, wild and radical, how are you possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was gained around them and quickly learned that those ways meant culture and turning.
We've created a emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes, they had culture and turning.
This phenomenon of the new million country with other star architects.
I happened to Zahai and Liberia, and what happened with these little elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started going on with all the architecture. The digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think for instance, how do you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, you would have to have walked up to the next town to see a building.
Transportation is accelerated, you can take a boat, a plane, can be turbines.
You can see the profits -- you can see in the newspapers, on TV, and at the end of the end, are all architecture of architecture, and the building becomes beyond their physical location.
The architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast as it moves as fast.
It's not very accurate to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings, before we know whether I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we find with buildings like this.
The bridge was not a two years, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we didn't have no idea how much they were.
That will never happen, I believe because we're in the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ant, the steel or the elevator.
My theory is that when you apply the phone in the media to the media, it starts to document more and faster, until it's going to be in both of them in both of them in similar, and the difference is effectively driven the difference between innovation and symbol among us, the architects, and you, the audiences.
Now we can make symbols almost installation, with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'm going to teach you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that it was finished.
This is the center of a town called Pennion in Frie Island in the state of New York.
It's a computer community.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings, they seemed exactly the finished product, no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community, that first summer, when people began to get and share it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, it became a middle of communication, because these are not only images of a building, they become the images that you made the building.
And as you use them to tell your history, they become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes circuits with the collective memory. And in charge these symbols -- we learn.
So we don't need the Greek to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because the digital media haven't only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think about a second on those libraries.
If that building is built today, we first went into the Internet for new librarians.
We would be bombarded with examples of experience, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's multiples.
Music that can take the mayor of Linguin, to the people of Lingain, and tell you that there is no unique answer to what it can be a library today.
Let me be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experience.
It's all different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use big words and drawing working words, and you're no longer a concerned audience that doesn't have any ever seen before.
The architects can listen, and you're not allowed to engage by architecture.
That means that the punishing planet of a style to another, from a movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right into the problems that face society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different to the buildings of today.
This means that a public space in the old city of Sevenly can be only and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn, can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad red market immediately with based on ideas of what it should be a stadium.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because we eventually will be ready for the ways that are going to produce it.
That means that buildings are touched to cardions of nature and not the opposite.
So this means that a parking market in Miami Beach, Florida, can also be able to make sports or head, or even one can be married there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming on the River Riverside of New York, and they would take a million dollars of the community unit around that cause, it's no longer a customer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this small record pavilion -- and fresh and freedom like the animals that you're going to look at.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we built, what matters is what we build.
The architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more nine.
We've been waiting for all of you.
Finally, we're not in opposite side.
They find an architect, control it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
The buildings don't just reflect our society, but they give it shape to the smallest spaces, the local library, the homes where we form our children, and the sleep of the sleep to bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Star.
He just turned a year and she started to walk.
And it does it in that great, typical of the children of a year, transitionally as if his body was moving too fast for his legs.
It's totally price.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his refugee.
It comes back and critically, and it gives himself those big baby and met.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all of his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think, when about doing this?
How do we suddenly have to do with our approach, right?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people search on Google -- "I'm a father?
This is Father, it's 13 years old and live in Dener.
And as any teenager -- it just wants to be dear and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear, it's a little confused because though his mom tells him all the way that it's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends, or the school of school said, don't know who to believe.
So a video of her, I published it in YouTube, and I ask others that please give a community, "I am nice or am I a father?
Well, so far, Paul has gotten over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so bad that it doesn't even deserve the penis to think about them.
So we talked about a healthy teenager and normal and right teenager that gets these answers on one of the stages of their most vulnerable living states.
Thousands of people are putting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what's led to do this?
Well, the teens of today are never alone.
They are under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking about data, giving me like this, completely, sharing me, it would never end.
We have never been so connected in a sense, in a sense, an instant way, so young.
As a mother told me, "It's like a party party in your room all night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go in the hand with that are impactive.
This environment, of being always connected, is adapting to our children to support us based on the number of "I like they have and the kinds of comments that they get.
There's no divide between a life on online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it is.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what's authentic and what is different by digitalized.
What is the most despaired thing in someone's life to what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiring."
Well, you can see the kind of images that are strike from the news of girls now.
All of the picture models are following our passions.
The technical technology is now a routine route.
And trends like, the technique, hailed, bridge and paradigm.
For those of you who don't know it, it would mean officer.
These trends are associated from women in the popular culture of today.
It's not hard to see what young young people.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the support stars of the sport, and the cardionation shorts.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to grow healthy and be bad individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to devote more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities, their studies and other aspects start suffering.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think you don't see good enough.
These are not trivial activity.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as controlling to society and the labor of labor development.
31 percent, almost one of all three teens are not interested in the class of class. They avoid to be involved in the classroom of classroom because they don't want to call attention for their physical species.
One of five are not having classes in absolute for the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the temperature of examples, if you don't think you see good enough you see good enough, specifically if you don't think you're the detector enough, you will get a smaller note to the average of your classmates who don't care about that of the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland.
And it gets independent of what they actually weigh these young people.
So, so to be clear, we are talking about how you see you, not how you are really about.
The low supply about your body is delivering academic performance.
And it's also leaving health.
The teens with a little bit of mutual activity, they eat less physical activity, and they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more healthy distants that can take them into a food mess.
They have low authority.
They're more easily influenced by the people who surround them and they're in the most risk of depression.
And we think that's all about what they make more risky decisions -- like alcohol consumption and drugs, drugs and drugs, sexual surgeons, sexual relationships, sexual relationships, and no protection.
The search of the perfect body is paying the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not.
Women who believe they have supported again, regardless of whether they have or don't have greater absolutes of best.
The 17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in a day that they don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity.
liberating this potential is in interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, I don't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms. The first is that we have to fit trust in their own body.
We need to help our teens to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
And I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs interpretented, not realizing the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that our children are following our children not just to have a positive impact, but also a durable impact.
And research studies show that the best programs focused on six key areas. The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical particular points for anyone willing to provide an education in body cutting that works.
An education is fundamental -- but confront to this problem requires each of us to take the land in the issue and we are a better model to follow by women and girls in our own lives.
It's challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell you with our politicians in the hair of hair or the size of their chest, or the size of the crisis of an Olympic athlete depends the fact that it's not a great beauty of the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start to judge people for what they are, not as you see.
All of us can start doing it using responsibility for the kinds of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can pick people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, "When was the last time you were looking at a mirror.
In short, we need to work together as communities -- like governments and as companies and like companies to change our culture, so that our children will grow up to value all of their person, value the individuality, the diversity, the income including.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a federal.
In order to make a difference in the real world, we will make them be those who come out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe you can have never come to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in minds?
Is his wife's with his wife.
Is his sister.
Is his daughter.
Does your fire?
It could just be the woman who is at two seats. What would it mean for her if it was liberated from that car voice in his interior -- which was encouraged by not having long legs to have long legs -- a more flat mountain, a more flat feet, feet smaller feet.
What would it mean for her if we were going to take out this and we would tell their own potential.
Right now, the obsession of our culture with the images is getting us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's think that the way you see you is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and how they make us feel.
We include the self-worth.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compare with other people.
And we work together like a community, from small groups to governments, so that the little transportation of a year of today, they become agents of a safe range of self tomorrow.
Let's do it.
The five of November 1990, a gentleman named Log to find a hotel in Manhattan and killed to Mr. Khan, the leader of Mr. Khan, the leader of Medica Jeffosther Leader.
To use they initially wrote it innocent -- but it's going to be put on other minor charges -- in the company of others, they started to plan attacks to about 12 New New people in New York, including tunnel and the United Nations control.
Luckily those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant in the FBI.
Sadly, the 1941 bomb in the World Trade Center, couldn't avoid it.
Later to us would be convicted by their involvement in that stage.
Los Los Leave is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with an American mother, elementary school teacher, the two made all the possible possible to give me a happy child.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam -- that very few of Muslims -- most Muslims get to meet.
As I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get to design the same things in life.
However, in all religion in all human group, there is always a little fraction of people who are so rised to their convictions that think that you have to use all the possible media for everyone to live like them.
A few months before the arrest was sitting with me, and I explained that in the last week, he said, and some friends, had been going to be in Long Island, to practice.
He told me I would go with him the next day.
We got to the player of the Cale Street who, and not knowing our group, I was looking at the FBI.
When I took to you, my father helped me hold the ride in the shoulder and explained to me how to put the goal at about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bullet I shot him to the little orange light on the goal, and for all of all, especially me, all the goal is on calls on fire.
My uncle became the other and Arabic, he said, "I got a bond.
From a father, such a son.
All of all, the comment produced a lot of laughter. But just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause me.
Those people later would be convicted by putting a commander with 700 pounds of explorers on the underground parking of North Trade Control, causing an explosion that killed six people who killed six people, and I went to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "member, which means to me.
When I turned 10, I had been done 20 times. That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do many friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about someone already was a moment of starting to start and go into another city.
As it was always the new face of the class with frequency was a motor of mice.
I had a secret secret of my identity to avoid to be the white. But it's going to be the new of class, silence and region, was enough.
So most of the time had happened in home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it gently -- to grow down, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
They educate me to judge people, with based on arbitrary indicators like his race or his religion.
So how could your eyes?
One of the first experiences they put into test my way to think, was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a university program that I participated in the June National convention in Flimala.
My group was focused on the subject of juvenile violence -- as I had been a tone of kills almost all my life, it was something I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different privacy.
One day, at the end of the convinced, I found that one of the kids who had done friends, was Jewish -- was Jewish ...
I took a number of days coming out of the light this detail and realized that there was no animal between the two.
I never had a Jewish friend, and frankly I felt very proud to have been able to see the barrier that all life had been made me believe it was ingredient.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer work in Bush Gardens, a diversity of fun.
I found myself with people of all kinds of beliefs and cultures, and that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All of the life was taught to me that the homometer was a fish, and by extension, all the homes were bad influence.
In fact, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most friendly and less critical than I had seen in life.
So having been advanced as a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy to me to treat young people, exactly the way I would have wish to be treated.
In that feeling I could hire the stereotypes that had been taught to me, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how that will be homosexual but I know what it is to be judge for something beyond my control.
Then he came the Dalai Show.
All night, Jon Stewart made me be increasing my gut, and he helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, they have nothing to do with the character.
In many ways, he came back my face in a moment that I was desperately going to do it.
In occasion, the inspiration can come from the unexpected thing, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my own father, extremely extremely, not in the venue.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something to be in my heart forever.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has happened enough with integrating discoveriness and said, "I'm tired of heart.
At that moment I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hatred in your inner one.
My real name is not Ray.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So, why I decided to go out and put it in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that someone else, a day, who is about taking the violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- that even though I gave me this violent ideology and tolerant -- I didn't get to make it fantastic.
In contrast, I decided to use my experience to fight the terror, and against the biases.
I do it for the victims of terror, and for their loved ones. For the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has been produced in their lives.
For the victims of the terror, I'm going to talk about those acts without sense, like rejection to my father actions.
With this simple thing to me here as a test of violence is not inherently any religion or race -- that children don't have to follow their parents of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a film that is projected in your minds.
It's an amazing multiple movie.
It's in 3D and it has underground of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has a shark, sheet and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your famine, your platform.
It has emotion, end and happiness.
It has memories as a moment of your childhood who project in your eyes.
And it has a constantly supportive voice in your conscious thinking of conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in the way.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Every one of us is conscious.
We all have an inner movie, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have an awareness of it.
I don't have any certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason of living.
If we weren't aware -- nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we consciously?
So why do we have these international movies.
Why are we not just robots that process what we got to produce outcomes without experiencing the month in the military?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say that it's impossible.
science, for nature, is goal.
consciousness, for nature, is subjective.
Then it can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I press that vision.
psychology was studying the behavior objectively -- neuroscience was studying the brain objectively but never mention consciousness.
Thirty years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientists about consciousness.
Then 20 years ago, it all started to change.
Neurosic and physicists like France Crime and physicists like Roger Peneran said, "This is the moment for the science embracing consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limits to the moment.
The center of the science of consciousness in the recent years was the search search of corridion, correlations between some areas of the brain, and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work I presented Ann King a few minutes ago.
Now we understand a lot better, for instance, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feel happy.
But this is still a science science.
It's not a science science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain it by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience responds some questions that we want to explain consciousness -- the questions about what some areas of the brain, and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It's not defending the neuroscientist.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
So I didn't tackle the real central mystery of this matter, why all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness."
Why is there a subjective mountain.
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give you a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emergent phenomenon like the putting the putting the pullings, like hurdings, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
Typical subjects are all cases of emerging behaviors, how they operate the frontal or the humans, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce the hurtings, they adapt and metabolic organisms -- they're all questions about the objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we walk, how we talk about, how do we play chess -- are all questions about behavior.
But when it's about consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the tough problem is the question of why it is that everything behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here's the standard paradigm of survival, the standard paradigm of neuroscience -- actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the authority that works. For a long time, I threw my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in European terms that would work.
But at the end I got to the conclusion that it didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we sit at this point.
We have a wonderful exploits chain, great. We used this: physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit on this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
On the other, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think that consciousness now, right now, is a kind of anomaly -- something that we need to integrate our view of the world, but we don't know how much of the way we don't know about.
With a anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas -- I think we need ideas that the beginning will seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, which is here today, has one.
His idea is that there is no such a difficult problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
In fact, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions -- the behavior of the brain, and so you study everything you need to explain.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explore whether we want to have a theory of purely reduced consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me, and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisficial.
But I am in a different direction.
In the time I get to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promise.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental landscapes, space, time and mass.
They put the fundamental laws that government, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanical mechanical memorial.
These laws and the fundamental properties don't explain in terms of the most basic thing.
In contrast, they think of the fundamental of the world is built the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is sort of serious.
In the 19th century, Machile discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts of fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, the basic laws of Newton -- and I put the basic burden as a fundamental concept that those laws will government.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas of fundamental ideas -- space, space, mass, charge of logic -- you have to alert the list.
The most natural thing would be the thing as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not about science.
It opens up the way to handle it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness -- the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space time, the mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want to be very simple laws that we can afford them in a feet.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find very simple laws that we can put them on a t-shirt.
We don't know what laws are, but that's what we see.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This view sometimes is called passionate parking "perceive, "Peneus for everyone, "first message, every human is aware -- not only humans -- the dog, the mice, the faces, the flies, the flies of Robot King, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or you think.
It's not that a picture can be full of distress when you think, "Oh, always traveling to the speed of light.
I can never slow up and smell the rooms."
No, so not.
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some crude of raw feeling, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How do you think something so rich?
It comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental as the space, the time and the mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal -- just like others.
It's also worth to notice that even though the idea seems logic, it's much less for the people in different cultures, where the human mind seems more with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relationship with the physical process, is launching consciousness with information.
There is always the process of information, there's consciousness.
In complex information processing as a human being, complex consciousness.
Similar information processing simple science.
Something very exciting is that in the recent years a neuroscientist, Gill Tonnous, took this kind of theory and development in the risk of the market with mathematical methods.
It has a measure of information integration, which is called Phil, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I assumed that Phil has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible high degree of information integration, a high degree of Chinese, much awareness.
In a mouse there is a degree of information in a mouse of information -- equal very significant -- degree of pretty important consciousness.
But when you get to the male cameras, microbes -- the degree of PhI said.
The level of information of information is better, but it's not zero either.
In the theory, there is still a level of different awareness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness -- high grade of Phil, high degree of consciousness.
Moreover, another reason is that punishing can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have noticed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but we don't talk about the reality that underlies below.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where does the fire of the equivalents?
From the psychic vision the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness doesn't find out of the physical world as a kind of adaptive.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, cancer vision, has the potential to make our relationship with nature, and it can have social consequences and pretty serious ethical consequences.
Some can be illusion.
I used to think I should not eat anything that had consciousness, then it has to be a vegetable.
If you're a capital and accept that vision, you will have a lot of hungry.
I think you think about it well, this tends to transform your visions while what matters in ethical terms and moral conditions, not so much the fact of consciousness but your importance and its complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system on the movie "I "imphal?
Is it concept?
As the vision of psychic information, she has a complicated information processing -- so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, they have fairly serious ethical problems about the development of the development of smart computer systems and the ethical to bring them off.
Finally, you can ask for complete collective consequences, the planet.
Did you have their own consciousness."
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience on a TED Talk, and this moment have a TED collective consciousness for this whole group of TED, different from the inner movies of TED country, different from the inner movies of each of the parts.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least is a question that needs to be serious.
So this cancer view is a radical vision, and I don't know whether it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second of the second of the second of the sensor.
The view raises a lot of questions, a lot of challenge, like how those thoughts of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love it.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, it's probably the most difficult problem of science and the philosophy.
We can't expect to solve it at night.
But I think we finally will be able to discover.
Understanding consciousness is the real key. I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right thing right now.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural town in Victoria.
He had a very normal professional, a low leader of education.
I went to school, I brought my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
It was all very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to take a member of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's a obvious problem.
She actually hasn't gotten anything.  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good notes. After school, I had a little bit on my mom, and I spent a long time watching the "Great Slandmunce and Danis Crinter?
Yeah, I know that. What contradiction is.
But they had right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside of the equation.
Later years later, being in the second part of teaching the second part of teaching in a High school school, just after 20 minutes on the 11 minutes of legal studies a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your discovery?
And I said, "What's a discovery?
Well, I had been talking about the law of diarotype for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your weather distribution.
When people in the wheelchair, they talk about institutional things in school?
"Of course, in the actors of actor?
And it was then when I realized, this child had had experiences with people with disability as an inspiration of inspiration.
And we're not. And it's not the clue of the day, it is, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our markets.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And, in fact, I am on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair chair, and probably you're waiting to inspire them inspired? Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to give you the strangers.
I'm not here to inspire it.
I'm here to tell you that they have been lied in the disabilities.
Yes, they have sold us the lie that disability is More Malia, to massive, M.C.
It's a bad thing and live with a disability you make you exciting.
It's not a bad thing and you don't have to make it exciting.
And over the last few years, we've been able to play the way this lie through social communication.
You might have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad activity.
Or this other one, your excuse is investigation? It's actually investigation?
Or this other, "It's one another, the tent."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a great amount of them.
You may have seen one of the child without hands drawing with a pencil support for the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with a carbon fiber cards.
And there is a lot of these pictures, which is what we call porn inspiration.
And you use the term protection device, because they run a group of people for the benefit of another group of other people.
So in this case, we set up in the discoveries of the people who have no discoveries.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, so we can see them so that we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad than my life, could be worse.
I could be that person."
But if you're that person?
I've lost the account of the number of times that you've been able to figure out that they believe that I am brave, or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my work was having a public profile.
It was like if I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is to go.
These pictures, those images are communicating to people with disability in the benefit of the people with no disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually a tough thing.
We know some things.
But the things we know is not the things that you can think about.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term "percentage, declined because I was amazed to call the social model of disability -- which tells us that we're more disabled because of the society that we live that because of our bodies or diagnosis that we live that because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very close with him.
I do the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to do the best of your ability as you do, and that's what happens with the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of the commons.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So it's really fair to put them in the way we do it, by sharing those images to share those images.
When people say, "You are a source of institution, it says like a birthday.
And I know why it happens.
It's because they have been sold in the mind, because they have sold us this lie that disability makes us exceptional us.
And, honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here to bring inspiration and you think, "My God, Star, you're not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
I learn from other people with disability all over time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
So I learn that it's a great idea to use a great basis to use the things that fall into me.  I learn the ingenious trick of how to charge the battery phone battery on the chair of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and insulin of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis -- but against a world that starting us and made us.
I really believe that that lie that you've been sold about disability is the largest inguility.
It makes us the hard life.
And that store? The only disability in life is a bad activity, the reason that that is to lie because it's not true because of the social model of disabilities.
A lot of smile in a scale of school has never done it to become a campaign.
Never    So I'm going to be a television screen will not make the subjects for the deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and creating a positive attitude to convert all those books in the brillion.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom.
I want to live in a world where we don't have that low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to get up from the bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the great achievement of people with discovering, and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree in a Lego school school in Melenter is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair.
Discovering doesn't make us exciting, but to question what you believe to know about what it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to see the augmented reality and the professional football with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a college without charge?
Unfortunately, today I just respond to one of those questions, so please, they don't get used.
When people think about augmented reality -- think of "Minister Repulture, and at Tom Cris by creating the hands on the air, but the reality is actually not science fiction.
The reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the reality is increasing changing our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phone.
So how do we get to the really survey.
The first step, this is what I get in position?
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you might don't know is that Google Glais are a device that allows them to see what I see.
Let me experience what it is to be a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Gules, under a helmet and know what is to run by the game field at 100 miles -- the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that a 1.5 pounds of 100 pounds of us, trying to get down with all its being.
I've been there, and I assure you it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what is to use Google Luck under the hull and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NASA protection, because the idea of the NASA of emerging technology is a surgery going on to the surface, but --    -- we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kelly. Go.
It's horrible to be transparent.
A moment. We take a little bit.
Reperments?
Come on.
Chris Kelly. As you can see, it's a problem of what is to be talked on the football field of the capital perspective.
You have noticed that lack people -- the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cute from the University of Washington.
Maringal first -- Rotters. The Rotters 44, Rottes.
Alion eight, Lutan eight, Glush.
Chris Kelly. This is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at the NASA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me in YouTube and in Twitter, "You can see from the angle of a massive field of field.
Is a corruption?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with God and Google Gulses, how do we keep full of full, how do you take it to the next level?
We took it at that level using something called Ocean Rift -- which is surely a lot of you know you know.
The Chusce Rid has been described as the most realistic reality of virtual reality ever created, and it's not a cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, her.
No, no, no, no. I don't want to keep playing play?
Oh, my God. Ah!
CC: So that's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain feared by his life.
What will the experience of a hunger is when we record a video from Adrianne Peter crossing the line, and let a map with your arm before I run and make an ancestors? What will be the experience of a range of a range of hand.
When it can be Missian running on the cancer, launching the bullet on the bottom of the network? Or Feed doing a saint in Wimbiel."
What will your experience is when you get a mountain over 100 miles like a Olympic script?
Maybe you increase the sales of patients for adults.
But this is not still actually actually.
It's just virtual reality, R.C.
How do we reach the augmented reality R.S.
We will take the reality when the stars and the markets and owners are seeing the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our equipment?
How do we use it to win parts?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. I give you money.
So, here's a short piece of technology on the NASA.
In 1967, the Patients of Baltimore put a wrist to his hard field of field to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to kill them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NASA put radio in the hull of the cards of the field of the field of the field of field and after the defense.
They were more spectacular because it was faster, more entertainment.
In 2012, imagine they are a player coming back to your group and you see their next journey shown in front of you, in a plastic view that you have -- you don't have to worry about forget a player.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want them because if they don't follow their instructions. They lose parties, and they hate to lose games.
If you lose parties are string as a contemporary.
And they don't want that.
But the reality is not just a kind of strange strategies.
Amazing reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would you do it?
Well, a very simple choice would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors of the hull and the accelerometer.
And all of that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know to send it.
The bad ones will have the information of information.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad ones.
So, your computer team will be as important as your recents, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
Who would it be for sports. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field.
Imagine you are the massive of field.
You get the bullet and collects.
You look at a recent receiver. Suddenly, a flower on the left side of your view you see you that a defense behind you is going to attack you that a defense behind you is going to attack you that a defense behind you is going to catch up.
You move into the protection.
Another flower is able to see you there is a recent open.
You launched the ball, but you gave you.
The bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land -- though, the recipient sees in your view an area of grass.
It goes up, it pulls the ball, run and state.
The public put up and the fans have followed the play from each angle.
This is something to create a massive emotion on the game.
I'm going to make lots of people to see, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be your favorite player.
The reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, do we want this to be the only use of reality in the reality.
We're going to use it just as bread and crisis, like our doubletic entertainment, like our doubletic entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think that we can use the augmented reality to promote empathy between human beings to show someone how it is, literally, to be in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is worth for sports leads.
It generates billions of revenues a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an elder how harmful are their actions from the victims?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show you the world how are you living by being person?
How much is it also for a Hadron Communist or a Neil Darks Tissue trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of dramatic notes and Karaghaship."
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is over.
The questions that we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, they depend up, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retired after 23 years of service at the Patient Patent of California.
And most of those 23 years I spent the last 23 years to spend the southern end of Marine County, which includes Godler Gate.
The bridge is a iconic structure, known by their beautiful view of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and its architectural state.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide -- being one of the most used in the world.
The Goldman Gate Gate was open up in 1933.
Joseph Staries, engineering boss of building the bridge, he said, "The bridge is pretty much to tribanes.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or problem.
But of course, more than 1,600 people have jumped into their death from that bridge.
Some people believe that to travel between the two towers will take them to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified as a such as that one of you would release all of your concerns and pain, and the water that pass below clean under your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to get suicide to eat suicide.
After one every free of four to five seconds, the body causes against the water about 120 miles per hour.
The impact breaks the bones -- some of those who have vital organs.
Most dies in the impact.
The ones that don't usually have in the individual water and then they do.
I don't think that the ones who keep this method of suicide is realizing the death of death that they will face.
This is the wire.
Except about the two towers, there are 32 pulse pulled up to the bridge.
So here is where most people are going to take away life.
I can tell you about experience that once the person is on that edge, and in your darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring them around.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an officer using his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the diagnosis.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We struggled to channel the way through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who employ suicide but the officials as well.
We've got a long way from then.
Today, ventilation and psychologists, train the new officer.
This is Jason Garagh.
I met it at the last year of July last year when I had a call of a possible suicide sitting sitting in the heart near the center.
He answered, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an officer of the Golden Gate.
Jason had only 32 years old, and I had flown up up until New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up there two times before New Jersey.
After a time talking to Jasses, we asked us if we knew the story of the Panama box of Pandia.
And remembering the Greek metalous, Ben created Pandia, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, never open that box?
Well, one day, the curiosity could more than Pandia, and she opened the box.
From she came out, penguin, and all sorts of bad against the man.
The only thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What's going on if you open the box and not have?
It stopped a few attendent, leaned on the right, and it was.
This window and intelligent and smart of New Jersey had just taken away life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I assume that when I was talking to them, he didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family of the family called me to see what I was.
The parents of Jason had been asked it.
The clear damage of suicide affect a lot of people.
I planned these questions, what would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved survey?
What would you say?
You know what to say?"
In my experience, it's not just to talk, but you have to hear.
Listen to understand.
You don't argue -- you know, you tell the person who you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the inflection point you need.
If you think that someone is suicide -- you don't have afraid to face them and ask the question.
A way to ask you the question is, "Are you looking in similar circumstances have thought about finishing your life. Have you have these thinks?
To confront the person in front of it can save life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs to search for it, you know, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to get better, I think, to believe that there is nothing you can do about it, the social social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk ago just a couple of days ago, and I got an email of a lady and I'd like to read you his letter.
She lost his son on January 19 of this year, and I wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's his permission and blessing that I read it.
"Hello, Kevin -- I'm at the TED conference.
It has to be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this end of the week.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell his friends, etc.
I'm still quite institutional, but I'm noticing more moments to realize that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving for Paul to San Francisco to see the party of the 49 with his father 10 of January, January 19.
It never came there.
I called the Peter police and I repeated it as a disappeared night.
The next morning, two officer officer came to my house, and they reported me that the car of Mike was down in the bridge.
I had seen it out of the bridge of the bridge of 1850 in the late day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be completely too weak to fight them for themselves.
Who has not been going to be a really bad mental disease?
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with your struggle.
The GGB, the Ground Gate Gates is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful Bay, not a center.
Good luck this week, Microsoft."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and collect the way that her son took that day, and also the value to get out of it.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11 of March 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible suicide of the bridge near the north tower of the north tower.
I drove my car on the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berting, of foot on the step.
When I was like, I crossed the diagnosis of immediate the white, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the time and a half of the following and I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his mind that day come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, I happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I said, "What's the thing that made you go back and give you the hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I'm listening.
I let me talk and just listen?
So soon after that incident -- I got a letter of the mother of Kenya, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to be a looking like that.
"Dear Braiste, not to erase the events of 11 of March, and you're one of the reasons that Kevin remains with us.
And honestly, I think Kenny was calling the help.
It has been diagnosed with a mental disease for which has been correctly.
I adopted Kenya when I just had six months, completely unconscious from all those huriand radios, but thanks to God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as the say.
We give God for you.
It was barely in debt with you, Norway Berting."
And at the end she wrote, "God. When I visited the General Institute of San Francisco that night, you would figure out as the patient.
"I know I had to solve?
Today, Kevin is a particular father and active member of society.
It talks about the events of that day and his depression with the hope that his story would inspire others.
The suicide is not just something that I've been found in the job.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider the suicide -- they don't think of having another person to hurt another person.
They just want his own pain right now.
Usually this is made alone in three ways, sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental disease and called suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved, I've just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japanese.
The other one was a man to talk about an hour.
And during that time, I run my hand on three oceans.
At the end of the end, I looked at me, and he said, "Metern, I'm sorry, but I have to go.
And I jumped up.
The horrible, absolutely horrible tough.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to connect on that bridge is not supporting.
In addition, those few people who have jumped out of the bridge and live and that you can talk about it, that one percent or two percent, most of those people have said that the second people have said that the second one they leave from side the diagnosis realized that they had made a mistake, and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't just connect Marine with San Francisco, but people are also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that all of us and each of us need to be able to do to do.
The suicide can be prevented.
There's help. There is hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you don't are, but in your inner you know what you are, and a question protection, how do you become that?
I have to be something only in that sense, but I'm not alone in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally achieved the dream I had ever had a child.
My outside was finally telling my inner truth, with my inner myself.
So by complicated reasons, which I'm going to tell me later, when I look at this picture, I think -- you get it, you get it, you get it up.
But the past October, I discovered, I just discovered, I'm beginning.
They all fill us our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of liberation to get rid of the limits imposed by the color of the skin or by the beliefs of those who surrounding us.
These are people who are always challenging the status when, what is considered to be accepted to accept.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this engineer is called revenue.
This is the mine.
I was recorded as a "body, because of the appearance of my genital generalization.
I remember that my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always took this shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why would you always take that shirt in my head?
I said, "Mama, it's my hair. I'm a girl?
I knew how to support it.
The gender has always considered a fundamental fact: but now we know that, actually, it's a more complex and mysterious thing.
Because of my success, I never dared to share my history, not because I thought I will be what I'm bad, but why the world deals those of us who want those of us who want to release it.
Every day I thank you to be a woman.
I have Mom and Dad and a family that accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist distance of compassion.
There is a children his hair, the days of the sun.
And when I was eight years old, I was on a party on the Philippines who celebrate these mysteries that celebrates these mysteries who would celebrate these puzzles.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman came up with me, and I remember that moment as if something would beat me, this is the kind of woman I would like to be about.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still watching man, I met this woman called The Times.
It's the director of a transport of breathing beauty.
So that night she said, "Why don't you be involved in the beauty of beauty?
He told me that if I participated she was going to be able to be able to be able to be a concern and the sea -- and that night, he won on a bathroom, he won on the back of baby, and I got the third of the more than 40 cards between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was within the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that his first work was a beauty of beauty of transport of transported women, but I can.
I also met the god of the clusters, especially when we traveled to remote remote providing of the Filians.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2002 my mom's moved to San Francisco, I called me, and I told me that they took my solution of the green card that I could go to live to the United States.
I rescued me.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm divining.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beautiful bitch?
But then, two weeks later, he called me, and he said, "You know that if you moved to the United States you can change the name and the gender identity?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested that I would give him two "In my name.
She also hit me when I operated in Thailand, at the age of 19, years.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, perform the most president surgery, sophisticated and safe.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before they change the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver license with the General name and the feminist game.
It was a great moment.
For some people, his identity of identity means to be able to drive or be able to get a train, but for me, it was the license to live, to feel like this.
Suddenly, my fears came up with myself.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move back to New York, and it will be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman of the Muslim Network.
A young woman in New York who brave his truth, but he said, said, she went into his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rate are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November, we make a global vagina by the Neuronist da of Transition.
I'm on this stage because of a long story of people who fight and put it up to the inguility.
These are Marsha P. Johns and Sylvia Viville.
Today, at this same moment, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth and just for me.
I want to do the best thing to help others live their truth without shame, and temper.
I'm here, and I'm going to be here, so there is no longer no longer there is no longer to have more than 20 of November,
My deeper truth led me to accept what I am.
Would you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  Katta Schide: General, a quick question.
General Roceper: Of course. You see, first, thank you all my bandanists.
To my support network, my parents especially to my parents, to my family, who is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've been used to young women translation, which I've been able to have, and sometimes when they called me and told me that his parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, I called my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman?
Sometimes it worked. It's just a gender identity, that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
That is to say, all of us will have a gender to birth, and what I try to do is put on the table the subject that sometimes that assistant transport, and that there should be a space that would allow people to be additional and that there should be a space that would allow people to be able to be additional and that is a conversation that would allow
The transport movement is getting compared with the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
There should be understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and ask questions, and I hope that all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very kind. Thank you.
In many patients and tribal societies to the parents usually know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who was known for his daughter and I'm proud of it.
It started his campaign for education by defending his rights in 2007. And when they homage his efforts in 2011. And when they homage the Jewish youth youth youth of peace, it became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of inguilities, of inequality, of violence and exploration.
You see, in the patriarchal societies right from the beginning, when when you were born a girl, his birth is not television.
It's not welcome for her father, no for her mother.
The neighborhood comes from, give your mother's monitoring and no one happy to the father.
And a mother was overwhelmed to have a girl.
When you give birth to the first girl, the first daughter, it was sad.
When you give light to the second daughter, it gets married, and, with the hope of a son, when he feeds his third daughter, it's just guilty as a criminal.
Not just the mother suffers -- but the daughter. The daughter was born up, when it grows up, it suffers too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it gets home and school admit to their siblings and said.
Until 12 years, somehow has a good life.
It can be fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and it can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into the test, when I turned 13 years, he was banned to come out of his home without a male archive.
It's confined to four walls from his house.
It's not a free person.
It becomes the honor of his father and his siblings and his brothers and her family, and if you transport the code of that honor, you could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this assumption code of honor, not only affects the life of a bit, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, it sacrifice the joy of his life and happiness of his sisters on the name of honor.
And there's a number of the patriarchal societies that is called objective.
A good girl has to be very transition, very humble and very summarized.
It's the critic.
The model of a good girl has to be strategy.
It's supposed to be silent and accept the decisions of his father and his mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if you don't want to.
If the marry with a man who don't like or if the marry with an old man, it has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be time of despair.
If the very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they call them despite.
And what happens to the end?
In the words of a poet, "The heart, they find, and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to their children.
And this vicious cycle continues and continues.
I wanted the brothers and sisters, when Malicura, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the nation, to be honest, but when I was there, and I looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored to me.
And a lot before I was born, I thought in his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary joy of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Mali of Maringa, and I called my daughter like that.
But when I left, they were all men, and I grab my pen, and I took a line of my name, and I wrote, "Maline."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years, I admit it in my school.
You might ask, why should I mention a girl of a girl in a school?
Yes, I have to mention it.
You can do it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developing countries, but in poor countries, in the poor countries, in the tribal societies in tribal societies -- is a great event for child life.
Institute in a school means the recognition of their identity and his name.
One mission to school means that it has come in the world of dreams and aspirations where you can explore their potential for your future life.
I have five sister sister -- and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I turned out the Canadian community, and I was on the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember my beathood of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason that I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sister and his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the sacred of my daughter.
I would try to sit with me when my friends came to me.
The encourage to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to do it in their personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Malic.
I've run all these good values in my school to girls and kids for the same.
I used education for comparison.
I taught my daughters, teach students to forget the lesson of the objective.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the line called short.
I wanted the brothers and sisters, we struggled for more rights for women, and we struggled to have more and more space for women in society.
But we find a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights.
It's called the transportation.
That means a complete denial of women's participating in all of the political, economic and social activity.
Hundreds of schools.
girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use releases and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silving, the blood girls and the singing states.
They took millions, but a few they talked about, and it was scary to have all around those people who kill and tie when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
In the age of 10 years, Malicua took up and raised the right to education.
I wrote a daily for the Bible of the BBC, and she offered her for the documentary of the New York Times, and I talked about every platform I could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread like a tumor around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban couldn't tolerate his campaign and nine.
It was a fatal day for my family and for me.
The world became a great black hole.
As my daughter was developing between life and death, he whispered him to my wife to my wife, "I should be shooting for what happened to my daughter, to your daughter?
And it used to me, "Please don't blame you.
You define the fair cause.
I put your life in play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and for the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you, and you join you.
They were both on the right road and God to protect?
These little words meant a lot for me, and I wasn't going to ask you again.
When Malicuara was in the hospital and he had severe shoes and strong headaches of head because his facial nerve was cut up, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread by the face of my wife.
But my daughter.
I used to say, "I'm good with my sort of toring my face and the excitement in my face.
All right. Please don't worry.
It was a consumer for us, and we were considered.
I wanted the brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist in the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite the rights of children of children and women and women -- it's like any 15 year-old girl.
I forgot when it doesn't have his task.
It's fought with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What's special in my tumor who has done so fast to bad and strange and expedition, every encyclous?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I don't cut your wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and, from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Monologas group of Google, where I have a divide to my charge, the visit of Google X visualization -- but all the work that I will talk about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined today to Google or outside of my work that I'm going to talk about to Google or outside
So having said this, there is a stigma when you put you into an operation of brain.
Do you keep a smart or not?
Is it not going to be like this, you will be a smarter?
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurogenesis.
And immediately after the operation, I had to decide how long to take a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combination and mix of chemicals, and try to get it, to keep with life.
More than one time I've been saved by a little bit.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided to experience to try to get the optimal dose because it really doesn't have a clear map that says it in the deal.
I started trying to test with different massives, and I was amazed to see how little changes in the dose changed dramatically my puncture, my sense of who I was, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case for a few months, I tried for a few months, and I tried to have typical texting for a young man, and I shocked to see how they changed my thoughts.
I was always fundamentally, I thought all of the time in sex, and I thought it was the most smart person in the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've known a number of times in the past I've known several guys like this, or maybe some of them are stuck to be attending.
It turned out as a extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be an artistic.
In fact, I was trying to try a sustainable problem to fix a problem that had the front, and it just doesn't happen like this.
So, I couldn't run it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go around.
What I was trying to do is to adjust those hormones and neutrons and so forth, I was to regain my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking, my creative thinking, my own ideas.
I just think about the pictures, and that became my key refugee point. How do those mental images that I used to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to create the products, my ideas, if you want?
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Fills like Human Deserts, Descares and York would see things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
So there are those who question this idea, and there's a lot of discussions about how the mind works. For me, it's simple: for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for the creative and invented.
So after several years, I managed to find the point right and I have lots of great mental images -- really video, sort of sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take a quick of these mental images, my mind on the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use their imagination only to address the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head?
There's incredible possibilities with this, like the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is just to increase the resolution of our cerebral escape systems.
Let me show you why I think we are pretty close to get to this with two recent experiments done by two groups in neuroscience in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image by functional realization -- to represent the brain. You can see the brain scan done by George Ganders and his colleagues of Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scan of the brain of a person who looks at a picture.
The column of the middle shows the escape of the same individual while you can imagine, seeing that same picture.
The column on the right is created by the contents of the central column of the left of the left -- you see that the difference is almost new.
This is repeated in many different individuals with lots of different images with many different images -- always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing a picture and imagine that same image is almost new.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is the lab of Jack Lake in Berkeley, California.
They were able to convert the brain waves in renewable visual fields.
Put it in this way.
In this experiment, I showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos in YouTube while they scan their brains to create a great range of reactions in the brain in the video sequence.
Then I showed you a movie with new images -- new people, new animals, new animals, and as they recorded a new escape.
The computer using just the brain information of the scan I decided to show it to show what seemed like the person was looking at.
On the right you can see the computer determines, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This left us born.
We're pretty close to do it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember that when you see a picture and when you can imagine that same picture, you create the brain the same map.
This was taken with the largest brain systems available today, and their resolution is increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do it?
There are a lot of techniques to do it.
One is to open up the skull and introduce electrons.
I don't get to that.
A lot of them are producing new techniques of projection for images -- even me, counting with the recent result of MRI, first we have to ask you the next, this technology will be the end of the way?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more resolution is with bigger images, but at this point, bigger magnets only offer small improvements in the resolution -- not addicts for thousands of them as we need.
I put this idea, rather than bigger magnets. We make better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different rules, like doing a spectrum.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in MRI were to make really big magnets.
However, most of the recent advances in resolution of ingenious solutions and bright solutions in coding and decisionistic and decoding and decording and the transported transported of FM radio frequency in MRI systems.
Instead, instead of a magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns used to the FM radio frequencies.
So by combining the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing process, we can increase the information that you can extract in a single escape.
And also, we can then divide our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
When we use the IMA we should be able to measure not just the flow of blood blood, but the hormones and neutrons I've mentioned and maybe even the direct neural activity I've mentioned and maybe even the direct neural activity. This is the dream.
We're going to be able to fly our ideas in a direct way to the digital media.
You can imagine if we could spend above the language and communicate directly by the thinking?
What would we be capable?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without film."
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be installation to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Indeed, this same tool could take the cure of Alzheimer's cure and similar diseases.
We have a few choices more than open this door.
Anyway, they choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that to take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to tell you tonight about the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay weapon.
I think we all have all clears.
His artist may be to tell some person for the first time that love or say to someone who is pregnant or tell someone who has cancer, or any other conversation that you have to have cancer, or any other conversation that you have on your life.
All armed is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can be very transformed, the experience of having lived and have come out of that armed is a universal thing.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it has to happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working at the Studio Side Walk Capith, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through a number of phases of the landing minister of the landing military -- I will not trigger my adapts, quote my leaves of Ann D Friday like a letter.
And I will be happy that by the blood of my short swamp and I had been affected by the head of my head I did a little child, "Hey, you're a little kid or girl?
And it would be an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would put my jaw a little bit more, and I would take my coffee with a recording candidate.
The father would take the newspaper and mother would launch a cold looked at his son.
But I would not say anything, and I would boil in the inside.
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and ten years, I was ready to fight it.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a kid or a girl?
So a family silence -- but this time I was prepared and I was about to go into full of the female issues on the table.  He had the quote of Betty Fridia.
The quote of Glana Stangula.
Even a friend of the Valvaria "Mushrooms, I would show you.
So I would breathe up and left the gaze and my backs a two-year-old girl with a pink dress, watching what is not a challenge for a feminist guy, just a girl with a question: "You guys with a question: "Are you kid or girl?
So I would breathe up when I went back again, I put leather about it, and I said, "Hey, I know this is something to be confused.
I have the short hair like the one of a child, and I see a little bit of a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, you know, like you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable.
Well, I'm more from the kind of a chimp commitment.
And that little girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite paradigm is violent and has a fish.
Can you give me a percentage, please.
And that was all of it. It's just one, O. You're a girl.
What about the park I do?
It was the hard conversation of all I ever had.
And why, because the girl of the park and I, both of them were honest with the other.
So like many of us, I've lived in some rings in my life, and yeah, my walls used to be a architect.
But in the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how it feels living in a closet.
It's like my gun is not different to your own or your tea or your own.
You know, I will give you 100 reasons of why I will get out of my closet, it was more difficult than coming out of you, but this is the thing: the hard thing is not relationship.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that to explain someone who have been declared in bank is more difficult to say that it's been standing?
Who can tell me that this story I tell is more difficult than telling your son of five years that are going to diver?
There's no more difficult -- it's just the hard thing.
So we need to stop using what is difficult with respect to the other person to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our closet, and we need to just feel empathy because we all live a difficult thing.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they can make them feel safety, or at least security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that no matter what your walls are, a gun is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine himself 20 years ago.
I, I had a tail of horse -- a dress and shoes.
It was not the military lesbian leading to fight any child in four years that would enter the coffee.
I was frozen by the fear, and it happened on a corner of my dark weapon by pushing my big gay, and I'll move it only a muscle is the most scary thing I ever ever done.
My family, my friends, little strangers I have spent my entire life trying to not detect it, and now the world was given back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for both time, but if you don't launch that big, they will kill you.
One of my most memorable man launch was in the wedding of my sister.
It was the first time that many of them were invited that I was gay, and by doing my ladies of honor, in my black dress, and my black dress walked around the table, and finally I came to one where my parents were the friends of my parents, people who knew me by years ago.
And after speaking a moment, one of the women screaming, "I love Nathan Lander."
And the battle of the gay challenge had started.
"Oh, once you were in the Carinst?"
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fabulous."
"Oh, you know my state Atlone: I know my states.
It's very good and never talked about having a neighborhood."
"Oh, what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program. Will it Grandmother and Granch.
And you know who love us? Jack Jackers.
Jack is our favorite.
And then a woman, decided to show you my support to me, to make me know that I was on my side, finally she said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses routes risk?
And I had an opportunity at that moment, as they have all the land landscape.
It could have been easy to indicate where they felt like.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were sort of defending.
And what else can you ask someone, but enjoy?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for the authentic you get.
It's how the hard conversations are still to be my strong point.
Ask anyone that I have come on.
But I'm getting better, and I do what I like to call the three principles of the Pandon of the Pandon.
Now, please see this through the gay perspective, but you understand that what it means to go out of any armed is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the friend. Be yourself.
That girl on the coffee was not armed but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be general, others must know that we also have to do.
Number two: You're going to be director. Just give it. San their participation.
If you know they are gay, they give it.
If you say to your parents that maybe might be gay, they will keep the hope that it could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  Let the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You just apologize for that.
And some can be able to get safe wounded by what you've done but never apologize for what they are.
And yeah, maybe some of you will feel disappointed. But that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in a weapon of armed striking a farm, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Bolddlander. Enjoy the relative.
Intelligent, what is that?
If you look at the story of how the intelligence has been seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote of Steren Saturday that "The question can think of is as interesting as the question of whether a surgery can nothing?
When I'm going to Show Diresters wrote this as a criticism to the pioneers of computer as Alan Turing Laster.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the physical physical mechanisms.
We bring a step.
First, let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are a alien race that you don't know about the biology of the Earth or neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes, and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long telescopes, so you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as lands, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are a alien race that doesn't know about this, it doesn't have any concept of intelligence of the Earth, you would be forced to develop a physical theory to explain how, to a certain time in time, the asteroids that demonstrate the surface of a mysterious planet, they stop doing it.
And that's why I say this is the same question that you can understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took was a number of years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science through a number of disciplines, which they were, I think, towards a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology -- for instance, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems like to be done for the development of intelligence, and, in particular, for the development of universal states that make the diversity of possible future diversity.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to make complex tasks.
And so taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for a number of years, there is a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different temporary?
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. So what you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to a E. /  for the intelligence I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a strength, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action or keeping the open choices, with a force you, with the diversity of possible accessible future, yeah, to an impending future time, yeah, to an impending future time, crush.
In a few words, the intelligence doesn't like to keep string.
The intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain the open options.
And so, I really have this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How productive is it?
Does it predict the level of human intelligence.
Does it predict artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video I think, to show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research research has suggested that the universe who produce more disorder, or "Controllar, during their life should have to have more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that negative cosmological connection between entropy.
What if the intelligent behavior is not just correlated with the production of the long-term entropy production -- but actually comes straight from it?
In order to figure out, we've developed a software engine called Entropy, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system in which you find in it.
Surprising, Internet was able to spend multiple animal intelligence testing, play a game of human intelligence, and even winning a lot of money creating actions, all of them without having to do that.
Here are some examples of English in action.
So just as a human foot without falling up, here we see Enterprising a piece of a pole using a card.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it a goal.
I just decided to balance the point.
These balanced ability will have applications for human robotics and human assistant.
This capacity of using tools will have applications in intelligent and agriculture.
Moreover, just like some other animals can cooperate with extreme opposite of a rope at the same time to release food, and here we see the Controllar can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
Entertainment is widely applied to a variety of domain.
So for instance, here we see it specifically playing a game game against itself, including their potential for play.
So here we can see Enterprising new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly discovered and maintains the network right network.
So this same capacity of network has also have applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see Entropulation to organize the routes of a boats of boats and discovered with success and using the Panama of Panama to extend the world from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, Enterprising is widely apply to problems in a demonstration of authority and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Enterprising the state of string to discover and run a bottom-up strategy -- lots of a simulated business of action of actions, specifically increasing the assets under their experience exponentially.
These risk of risk of risk will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Brissian -- what you've seen is that a variety of marks of smart cognitive human behaviors such as the use of tools, to walk upright and social cooperation, all of them are derived from a single equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
So let's go back to the beginning of the tribute of the term robot, the work "ill: there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebut of celebration.
The machines will be able to get us against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of the library rebellion to the reverse.
It's not that the machines will become smart, and then memorizes and try to be able to have the world.
It's all the opposite -- that the impulse of taking control of all the future possible future is a much more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually move directly from taking control, rather than being the advantage.
Another important consequence is the search of the goal.
I often ask me, how is it to search for goals is that we have to look at this kind of market?
My equivalent to that statement to happen to the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence or to help them understand the human intelligence -- it's the following: The intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the star of stars and lose the planet that we call home.
Even though in the last few years, we've been expanded with our knowledge of how the Earth in the context of the universe.
NASA's Mexican of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, what it points on the Earth is just one between the billions of millions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the local intensity of the stars when planets go through the front of them, and they block a little bit of that light that it comes in.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of planets besides the distance that there is between them and their stem star.
In fact, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rockets like the land planets of our solar system, and also the number of light they get from their sun.
Instead, this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are table or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this potentially livable world, our own planet is falling under the weight of humanity.
The year 2011 was the most hot recording record.
The Glasms and sea ice that have been with us from thousands are now missing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused global scale has been supported by our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a scientist of climate and antibiotics.
But I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with hope of finding places in the universe where we find life beyond our planet.
You could tell you that I seek alien opportunity in the enough sector.
Now, as someone very interested in the search search in the universe I can tell you that the more seeking planets to the Earth, more enjoying our own planet.
Every one of these new worlds invited a comparison between the planet's planet, and the planets we know better, our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock and even though it will be a little bit farther from the Sun, you can consider a potentially nice world showing this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been hard in the past, and partly that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our violence like "Chinese trace their surface in search for the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that the orbit -- like the MISPA mission take samples of the marine atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their skill.
The private companies now offers not just short salmon flights but also the tempting chance of living in Mars.
But even though all of these marine images will remember us to the waste of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the ideas of the vacuits and pioneers -- compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Take the extension of the dramatic areas of our planet that still remains to collination, really reading places in comparison with Mars.
Even in the most dry and more elevated and more elevated and more elevated on Earth is fresh and advanced oxygen by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I care that this excitement for Mars and other alien planets I have a big and sad shadow, and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this infectious authority of the only planet that we know that it's truly livable to the Earth.
As I like international exploration, I am deep in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine the Tatima captain will be able to tell us that the participate of the Time will be place later in the wild.  Thank you.
But the targets for the international exploration and the land preservation don't tell you.
No, they're actually faces of the same donor, the goal of understanding and improve life in the future.
Extreme environments in our world are fighting as alien pancers.
They just find it close to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in hostile areas and insight of the ground, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the Printer paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physical physicist Feel seem to ask myself, I have in account that our universe has been done from a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of aliens in this universe, we should have been able to have found evidence of the extra life existence until now.
Well, where are you going?
Well, a possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when civilizations become advanced enough to keep living between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that drive this development.
It's arranging to think that only the international colony will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
So if we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments from Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the most easy task to preserve the skill on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And while I was in the front pine looking at my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the key.
In fact, I could see the window that they were on the dining table, where they left them.
So my quick tried to open up all the other doors and windows, and they were all right closed.
I thought I would call a stroke, at least I had my cell phones, but at midnight, a closed could take a long time to get there, and I made cold.
I couldn't come back home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because he had an early flight to Europe at the next morning, and I was going to be my passport, and my male.
It would be expensive, but I would argue that I was not more expensive than a cancer in the middle of night, so I thought, that despite the circumstances of the circumstances -- it was well standing well.
I am a profession, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
I read curiosity that increases the heart rate -- model the landscapes of the landing and noble thought.
And when I came to the show show at the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started to ask, if there was something that could do, systems that could be able to put in their place, they prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if you have bad things, which they minimize the likelihood that it's a total category.
So I went to think about that, but even a month later, my thoughts didn't criminated.
I was focused with my colleague Danny Kahma, winning the Nobel Prize winner -- and a little bit embarrassed I talked about I broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called something called a protection called protective.
It's something that he had learned from psychologist Garry Klein who had written about this a few years earlier, known as the prince.
You all know what's the posterdation.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes from, and tries to figure out what it comes wrong, right?
In the prince, as Danny explains Daniel, you look at them and try to figure out all the things that you could go out wrong, and I try to figure out what can do to avoid things happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about you is some things that we can do in the shape of a prince.
Some of them are one of them are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, giving a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds of common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our space works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a sense of the location of important things, which is the well, where the fish, that the fruits are, that the fruits are, which is where the fruits are, which is where the friends of friends and the enemy.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is strike in London.
It's the part of the brain that allows the architecture to find their neighborhoods.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the random sense of the squirrel and still they could find their neighborhoods.
They didn't use the hater, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose keys of the car, liberation galler and passionates.
So in the house you have a place for the keys, a hook alongside the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your passport, a particular box.
For your leaders of reading, a particular mass.
If you make a place and they are supported with it, their things will always be there when you search them.
What about the journey?
They take the cell cell a picture of their credit cards, license of driving, passion, send it by email to themselves so they're in the cloud.
If these things are lost or stealing them, it can facilitate the sustainable.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when it's under stress, the brain releases corruption.
The cortless is toxic.
So part of the practical practice is to recognize that under stress will not be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems on their site.
And there is perhaps not more stressful than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to take a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is a picture to all take medical decisions, and actually for the decision-making of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take that they benefit a rational assessment of the facts.
So let's know that they go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I have the result of the lab and the colleague is a little high.
You all know that the high colleague is associated with a major risk of cardiovascular disease, attack to heart, demonstrated brain.
So you're thinking that you have the high college is not the best, then the doctor says, "I would like to give you a drug.
And you may have heard of the statues, and you know that it's one of the most recycled drugs in the world today -- it's even likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, recently recently receives the state?
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistics that has to ask that most physicians don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NNA, the number need to treat.
And what is this, the NNA.
It is the number of people who have to take a drug or take a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And you have to think what kind of statistical statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not take me something if I wasn't going to help me.
But actually, the medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the doctor, and if it is somebody, it's the scientists like me.
We've never understood the underlying messages.
But the estimates of Juleting that 90 percent of the drugs works only about 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number need to treat the most widely recently record, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before you help a person?
300.
This is about the investigation of civic researchers Jersk Group and Paul Hardy, confirmed in independent shape by Blackboard.
So I just explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack, the cerebral struggle or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one chance in 300 of my colleagues.
Why no, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a state more, and it is, "Lumbai of the school effects? Yeah?
For this particular drug, the side effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things, delicious pain pain and articulate pain, planet pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still taking medicine.
But a moment.
They remember that under stress.
So you think how to take this over time, so they don't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the frighten, right? A person has helped you, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get up by the drug that you help the drug.
I don't say you had or not taking the station.
I just say you have to have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic takes it up, it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have access to access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
Maybe you're thinking that I've launched this number on the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number need to deal is quite a typical thing.
So for the surgery that the more than 50 methods exploring on the prostate prostate of cancer, the number need to treat is 49.
So 49 surgeries for a person who has helped me.
And the side effects in that case is produced in 50 percent of patients.
Those include the impact or the price distribution, animal, recent private, recent processing, factor.
And if you get lucky and it's one of that 50 percent effects just last one year or two.
So the idea of the prince is to think about time the questions that you can plan to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a lot of times, you want a more short life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change on the heat of the moment, but at least that you're trained in this kind of thinking.
And remember, our brain releases a little bit of stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they get a lot of systems.
There's a evolutionary reason for this.
It was expensive with a predator, you don't need the digestive system, or the book or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with raped -- you could be the lunch of lions -- so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes out of the window during those parts of stress is the rational logic thought, like Daniel Kahma and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all different distributed.
We're all going to fail in the time.
The idea is to think about the future how they might be those families, to put the systems in the place that will help us minimize the damage, or to avoid that bad things happen in the first place.
Rebuland on the night of snow in Montreal -- when I came back from my journey, my contractor took me a combination of combination next to the door, with a key of the front door in the same, a easy way to remember it in the same, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have a lot of letters that I haven't ordered and lots of mail messages I have no read.
So I'm not very organized. But I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pennia, "All is my favorite musical symbol standard.
It means to play.
If you're touching a musical instrument, and you see a "Silver, you need to play more so forth.
Two and even more sound.
Four is extremely soft.
This is my drawing of a grandmother tree, there you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of the country may have never come to a complete silence.
That's my current design of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American American system, the ASA, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French language came back for the 1950s and over the time of time, it was mixed with local signs, and he developed the language that we know like ALS.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that the sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following your rules, components, behavior and rules without asking them.
So how do you understand the sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my applies and amplify the sound.
I learn and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned for example.
"Don't I help the door?
"Don't do a lot of noise to eat the floor of the friends of children.
"You don't experience, and when you're eating, I would make sure I wouldn't draw the coverage on the class.
I call it a sound "time.
Maybe I think of the sound of sound more than the average person does.
I'm supporting the sounds.
And I'm always waiting with nervous the sound, which is about coming next.
From there, this drawing.
TED to decide to do.

TED for announced.
You can see that the partic doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already have sound through the subtle broken brokens.
In the deaf culture, movement is equivalent to the sound.
This is the signal for "Plant in ALS.
A typical picture has five lines.
However, to me, to do the self with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel Berlin, Germany, for a artistic resistant there.
Before this time, I had worked as a paint.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that moment, the sound was the trend and I called it the attention.
There was no visual art, it was all audience.
Now the sound has come into my art.
Is it going to tell me more from art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not just experiment through ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even like an idea.
So I decided to collect the property of sound and put it into my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in the way to sound, I decided to leave it and get it.
I started creating a new body body.
And when I presented it to artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, the power, the control, social currency.
In the background of my mind, I always felt that the sound was old -- it was something of a personal person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could defend me and my artistic job, or I could be able to be.
I chose I would employ.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can be able to support me from the same and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in current society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different performers of ALS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you ask your voices, I am able to maintain a temporary form of value -- something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I didn't continue with this practice, I feel that it might be been going to be show in the flight and not have any social value.
So, with the sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music of music.
And I was amazed to see the similarities between music and the ALLA.
For instance, a musical note can't be able to catch and express on the paper.
And the same can tell you about a concept in ALL.
The two are very space and highly shaped what means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning so much of the sounds like the sounds.
I'd like to share you a metaphor of the piano, so you understand better how the ALLA works.
So, imagine a piano.
The ALLA is divided in many different graphic parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for each finger while you play the piano, like facial expression, the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of the body, and so while you play the piano, English is a linear language, as if you would just take a signal at once.
However, the ALL is more like a chord. You need 10 fingers in a simultaneous way to express a clear concept or idea in ALS.
If you just can change the card, it would create a completely different meaning.
The same thing with the music in the mother, and it will be a volume.
In ASA, when these different gravitational parameters, you can express different ideas.
For instance, the signal standing on that."
This is the signal stayed on that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at a look at it.
Oh, I was catching.
The one guy.
What are you looking at.
Oh, day.
So I went to think, and if I see the ALS through the lenses of music?
If I had to create a sign and you repeat it over and again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For instance, this is the sense of "radio, the sun comes out and put up.
This is the day.
If you repeat it and reduce speed, it looks like a musical piece.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you from all night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing drive.
And this led me to think about three different kinds of night, "In "ill, "Step the night.  All night.
I feel that the third has more musical than the other two.
This represents how the time is expressed in ALL and how the distance of the body can express changes in time.
For instance, one today -- it's a hand, two today -- it's two hands, the present becomes closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back.
So, the first example is a long example of time."
And then she was standing, "Amound the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic idea, and dramatic and dramatic and dramatic at the time, there was one time."
Common "time, it's a musical term with a specific rate of four times for companies.
However, when I see the word common while I think automatically on the same time."
You see MR: Right hand, MI: Left.
We have the partic through the head and the chest.
(Mark, MIP: I kind of flower limits "Campaign -- "The farmer, my garage gallery -- I'm going to teach you a form of hand called "flush "grave."
Can you do it with me?
All of them in the hand.
Now we're going to do it so much on the head like the chest, something like common time, or the same time."
Yes, very well.
That means to love in the international system.
The international system, as you see, is a visual tool to help communicate in all the cultures and language languages around the world.
The second one that I'd like to show you is this -- please do it.
And now this.
It means Column, in the ALS.
Now, the third, please. Please take me again.
And again.
It's Linguis, in ALL.
We're going to do the three together.
Ling, collection and Linguis."
Good job.
You see how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the ALLA is alive and prosperous as the music.
However, we live in a very self-driving world.
And just because the ALLA has no sounds, it automatically doesn't have social value.
We have to start questioning what the social value and allow the ALLA to develop their own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf, to learn ALS -- no matter that you have to hear music to learn music.
The ALLA is a rich terring and I'd like to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open up their ears to open up your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can have to fall with us.
Thank you.
Dennis Kranda, Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can take it all together, but then you have to clean it?
The freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where it was all possible.
So I grew up in a bubble of innocent or a bubble of ignorance I should say, because adults lie to us to protect ourselves from the horrible truth.
As I get older, I learned that the adults are also exciting and they're not very good to clean others.
The time country, I am an adult and teaching citizen and invention at Harvard Kong of Hong Kong.
You don't have to expect a lot for my students to walk on the beach is transparent with lots of garbage shot.
So as good citizens, we clean the beaches. And no, it's not getting alcohol and if it is, I didn't have it.
It's sad to say, but today more than 80 percent of the oceans are getting plastic.
It's something stuff.
And in the last decades, we've been coming out with these big books and networks, to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information on a map.
But it takes an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very affected to use those huge botton.
So along with my students, with age of six to 15 years, we are to invent a better way.
We've brought our tiny little classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
So we started to build this kind of work with height and self-discovery so that the very low children can also participate.
And I'll tell you, children who manipulate electrical tools are great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastics.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of his fragment.
So we do.
I put it to the imagination of my students.
My work is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them in something that we hope it works.
We decided that instead of collect piles of plastic piles, we just collect information.
By the use of a robot, we take a picture of this plastic plastic -- children are excited about robots.
Then we created quickly what we call a prototype.
We're so fast in the prototype of prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we take light bulbs and cameras in access and we test it in a floating robot that will move slowly by the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture of the picture that we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces floating through the sensor while the computer computer will process this picture and measure the size of every particle, to get an estimated estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We documented this invention step in a website in a website website called "The "Streamines, with the hope that someone else is better even better.
The cool thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to solve it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, they turn the Internet, and they took up with this picture.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, clean a oil spill down, only using hands, in Sudan, the largest mangrove man in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that baby, it's the water in which it is baby, the water where fish, the place where you live.
You can see that the water is brown up, the mud and oil are also a brown color and when it's all mixing it, it's very difficult to see what there is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called specimities, which allows you to see what there is in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can turn through all kinds of substance that produce different spectrum, which can help identify what there is in the water.
We take this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help shape remote to other kids.
"I can investigate a problem at a distance, and I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit more far, maybe addressing a more difficult problem, and also closest to me.
I'm half Japanese and maring friends and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent, which is a number of giant waves, called text, and those tenson destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives the nuclear power plant.
And today, according to the reports of 300 tons are still filtering the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution for 176.
If you go to the west Coast, we can measure the radiation of Frugan everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems like most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the moment, has a safe thing, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've gone back to Furkin every year from the accident and research independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take children.
Of course we don't take them, the parents were not allowed it.
But every night we inform the control center, this is the use of different moments.
You might seem like they didn't take the job, but they did it because they were going to have to live with radiation all their life.
Along with them we discussed the collected data that day and talk about what we were going to do after the strategy, the injury, etc.
And to do this, we create a regular MRI map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the electronic map of elevation -- we put pieces to represent the data in real time of the radiation, and we collect water to simulate the rain.
With this we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the baby system and she was straight in the ocean.
It was a kind of extinction.
But based on this we organize a civil expedition -- the closest to the nuclear central to date.
We zoom up to 1.5 miles from nuclear, and with the aid of fishermen of the area we went out to collect the sea of the sea with a sediment of sediment as we invented and build it.
Here we see a progress, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales -- also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been more and more frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage that we've done.
We don't even start trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit so much so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turn it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental and environment.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with timber -- metal, chemistry -- a little bit of biology, and basically, it can be built almost over there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where kids of children can be reality with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students? Cancer." Accept?
Case Hardin. We ask things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy, renewable energy.
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age population, transforming their wheelchair streets standard in new electrical vehicles.
The plastic, oil and radiation are terrible, but the worst legacy that we can leave our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So scientific citizens, create, solars, we need to prepare the next generation for the environment and people, and so I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin children, two radically doublet design.
One is made of thousands of steel pieces -- the other one of a single silk of silk.
One of them is synthetic, the other organic one.
One is imposed on the environment, the other thing creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other for it.
Miguel Angeles said that when he looked at the memory in brutal, I saw a figure that struggled for being free.
The movie was only tool from Mran Angeles.
But living are not completed.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we carry all the information about it for each cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been mastered by ridges of manufacturing and production in mass.
The lines of the mountain has dictated a world made of parts of parts -- terring the imagination of designers and companies trained to think of their objects like distribution parts with different functions.
But you don't find a men's material in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin are delicated with dollars distant.
The skin pieces are more thick with little jobs.
One of the act primarily like filter -- the other main market as barrier, and, though, it's the same skin, no parts -- there are no participants.
It's a system that would be gradually their functionality by the variation of the math variation in the road.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the world divided twice the personality of every designer and architect to work on the corner and the gene, between the machine and the gene, between the standardized and the growth, between the synamic and growth between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis -- it shows in the two screens after me.
My job, in his simplest level, is trying to unite these two visions of the world, will pull up the symbolic and approaching the growth.
You probably ask you, why now?
Why wasn't it possible about 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they rely four discipline that offers access to access to the tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four camps, my team and I create.
Please know the minds and my hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scale, a great scale, like this robotic arm with a 20 meters of diameter with a very distant basis that someday doesn't have a very distant day to print whole buildings, and graphics to nanotal microprocessors made of genetically engineered buildings made in the dark.
So here we have reinvent the telescope, an archetype of ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each openness is only to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the chances of creating a layer and a fallior. This was for a fashion fashion fashion with Iran van Hero. It's like a second match made of one piece, recorded in the environments, flexible in the environments, flexible in the country.
Together with 3D Starian collapse companies, print this layer and failed 3D with the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combined life and soft materials in the resolution of 20 million.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution.
The designers have access to this high-speed analytical resource and the synthetic instruments, allows to design products that are adapted not just the way of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed a acoustic chair, a chair in the structural time, comfortable and also that absorbs sound.
Professor Carter my collaborator, my collaborator, came back to the nature to inspire, and when you design this irregular surface pattern, it becomes subjective.
We print this surface of 14 different properties that vary in the region, and opportunity and color, corresponds to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, is going to make their functionality not through the approach of another material or another symbolic, but variation continuously and deliberately the material property.
But is this ideal nature?
Is there no parts in nature.
I didn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me about the Hebrew Babby, and one of them came to me, and I got to define a lot of what I care about.
As she relates, "In the third day of creation, God sands to the Earth to make a brutal tree of fruit chest.
For that first brutal tree there would not be any difference between transport, branches and leaves and fruits and frustrated.
All the tree was a formula.
Instead, the land made the land to grow trees with branches -- cortex and short and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask me, "What would the design would be if the objects would make a single piece?
Are we going to go back to a better state of creation?
So we find that the biblical material, the kind of material tree material with fruit and we found it.
The second most abundant biomass on the planet is called the caline, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crab cards, cool and markets.
We think that if we can synthesize their properties, we could generate functional structures on a single piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal chart.  We asked a lot of breast scans, and we don't put the month of charity.
So watching chemical concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties from dark, hard and option, to the light, soft and transparent.
To print the structures at a big scale, it built a system with multiple extraction black black strangers.
The robot could make the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made of one material about a single material of a single bit of a three and a half -- 100 percent recently.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural form to the air with the air.
So why do we keep designing with play?
The air bubbles that were a result of the print process were used to have physical microscopes that appeared for the first time on the planet about a billion years ago, as we hear yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we found the bacteria designed genetically to catch fast carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
So for the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without the problems of video to mesh, and if it gets even more, to window.
A brutal tree of fruit comfortable.
So working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here is the best part, for objects designed to biology, put in the sea, feed the marine life, and placed on the ground, will help grow a tree.
The adjust for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We seek the chances of creating clothes to keep life for international travel.
In order to do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So like the periodic slate, we did our own team of elements, new forms of life created computing, made in a biological form of biological form.
I like to think about synthetic biology as the liquid all, only instead of having precious metals -- they synthesized new biological officials within very small channels.
This field is called medication.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid.
In our first piece of clothes, they combine two microbials.
The first is the circum.
It lives in our oceans and in the sweet water.
And the second, and the side, the bacteria that there is in the human institution.
You turn the light to sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biologists for the built environment.
But these two microscopes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never meet.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not for natural selection, but for design.
In order to keep these relationships, we've created a only channel that is admitted to the digestive tract that will help them flow these bacteria and you have attention to the way their way of way.
So we start to grow those channels in the human body, making the properties of the material according to the functionality.
If we wanted more pictures, we were able to design more transparent.
This paradigm digestive system when you would be an excerpt to another, it was 60 feet.
This is half of the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our integration control.
And here it is, as at TED, our first participants of the president photographic, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothes.
Thank you.
Mary Shake said, "We're critical creatures, only half is done?
What if design would provide the other half.
And if we could create structures that make the matter live?
And if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, they would repair the damaged tissue and get our bodies.
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this the material ecology.
For it, it always has to go back to nature.
So now, you know that a 3D printer printed in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do it like this.
It grew up. It adds to sophistication.
This calculus of the worm creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside that methods.
Not advanced to be about this level of sophistication level.
It makes it through the combination of not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different concentrations in different concentrations in different concentrations in different concentrations in different concentrations in different concentrations in different concentrations of it.
One act like structure, the other is the glue or matrix.
And this happens through scales.
The worm of silk is first in the environment, create a tension structure, and then it begins to helic a compression.
The tension and compromise, the two forces of life, are manipulating in a single material.
With the end of understanding how this complex process works, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm of silk to the information.
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk of the silk launch.
However, by putting the silk of silk in a flat partic, not in a box, and we realized that it was a flat chocolate and still retirement saving.
So we started designing different environments, different advances, and we've discovered that the way, the composition -- the structure of the cocoon is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often have the grass of silk to death in the death within their children, his silk is discovered and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants we could shape the raw silk without boiling a single box.
It will be motivated soon, and we could create these things.
So we scale this process to the architectural scale.
We had a swollen robot doing silk plans, and we put it on our site.
We knew that silk launches migrated to the most dark and cold areas -- so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or openness, to block the rays of light and the heat, destroying silk glass on the structure.
We were prepared to get the surface.
We asked 6,000 guys from silk to a silk farm on online.
And after you feed it four weeks, they were prepared to danger with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the advance, and while they were their children, they mate, they put eggs, they put eggs, and life begins again, like us, but much, much more short.
Bush Fuller said that the tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
As a biological silk on the ice sheet robot, they give all this piece of the ingredient.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 6,000 worms of silk carry 6,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk room.
The polices, after the economics, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra pages in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk ice through a robotic arm, the other empty vaccine.
If the last frontier of design is to give the products and the buildings that surround us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to join these two visions of the world.
What leads us back to the beginning.
So here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which leads us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in the design, which is from us, for the first time, that we make charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
You raise your hand if you ever ask them, "What do you want to be more?
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three five. Five. Three.
Now, raise your hand if you ask the question, "What do you want to be more?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm someone who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be more?
The problem was not that I didn't have any interest, but I had too much.
In school I liked the English -- I liked the mathematics, and art and developing websites -- and I played the guitar in a put band called telephone Frusham called Telencess.
You may have heard about us.
And in general I like to try and pursue in all ways, to have spent a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with the time this feeling of abrume, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, which is completely different, and I get sick in it, and I let me absorb and I feel about you, and then again this point where I start to get bored again.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I would like to get into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this on a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all my other passions.
Another reason why I caused so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I worried that there was a bad thing about this, and something wrong in me for not to define it.
I worried to be afraid to the commitment, or to be distributed, or to the computer or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have planned then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'm going to tell you where they got it, they learned it from culture.
You ask us to be asked, "What do you want to be more?
We have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody matters what you tell that age.
It's considered an naive question to provide cute answers in children like, to be antibiotic, or be dancer, or "I want to be piece?
Do you have the discoverine of Nanother here here.
So this question is done again and again as we grow out of various ways, and I went down, and the school students are asked to be asked that they're going to choose in college.
And at some point, what do you want to be more?
It's going to be the cute exercise of being the nice exercise of before you take the dream.
Why?
If you do this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, not inspire to dream with everything you might be.
In fact, I just do the opposite -- because when someone ask you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 things different, although adult adults who are interacting you may go and say, "Oh, what ling, but you can't be craftsmanship of nonviolent and psychology.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Childing  and he is artistic of violent and participation.
And this Amy Nan, a magazine of magazine converted in illustrator, entrepreneurs, Professor and creative director.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they will have to choose to.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life focused is very influenced in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or the real voice, the idea that each of us has something to devote during your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing and devote your life to it.
But if you're someone who is not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that want to do?
There's no place for someone in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feel there is something bad with one.
There's nothing bad in you.
You are a multiculation.
A multiculation is someone with many interests and creative activity.
It's a from a front shot to say.
It could help you if it is divided in three parts, and multiple and power.
You can also use other terms. They can also use the same idea, as a sudden, resources.
In the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was well in multiple discussions.
Barbara Sire is to us as "end "the street?
They use any term that you like you like or have a own one.
It seems like a sort of giving us to a community, we can't be able to get on a single identity.
It's easy to see the multicularity as limited or afficient that you have to come.
But what I've learned about talking about people and writing about these ideas in my website, is that there are huge strengths to be in this way.
Here's three multiculation supermassive.
One, the synthesis of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection.
The Hai Hai and Rachel Bing expressed his shared interesting interests in career, visualization of data, travel, math and design, and the Message of Messagia.
Message is a company that creates jewelry, inspiring good geometrical.
So Shah and Rachel came up with this unique idea of the military of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in the intersection.
This is where new ideas.
And the multinational the multicularity, with all of their background, can access to a great amount of these interests.
The second multicularity superinterneeces is fast learning.
When the multinational interpretation is interested in something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to be principle, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and get out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transmitted to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new zone that we get, so rarely we start from zero.
Norman Sweel is a journey of complete and independent writer.
As a piano girl, as pianist girl, a incredible ability to develop the muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest metalous metaphorical.
Before I became writing, I was not a financial planning.
He had to learn the most finite sales when he started their practice, and this ability helps to write compelling love to the editors conversation.
It rarely is a loss of time to devote what you get to you, even if you end it up.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field in a way that you couldn't have seen.
The third of the third musician is the adaptability. I mean, the ability to transform in anything you need in a given situation.
Abe campus is sometimes director of videos, other videos, of people, website, sometimes construction of Kickebers, sometimes teacher, and sometimes, in times, to look like James Bonder.
It's valuable because it makes a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take a little bit of different roles depending from the needs of their clients.
The FM Compare defines adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
And the economic world changes so quickly and proud that are the individuals and organizations that can be able to be able to get out of the market needs, which will really thrive.
And synthesis of ideas, fast learning and adapting, three skills where the multinational multiculars are very education, and three skills that could lose whether they're presented to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a big interest in encouraging the multinational people to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multiculation right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to make them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric nurturing.
No worry, there's nothing bad in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made from a specialist and a multiculation former.
The specialists can dive in depth and put in ideas and the multicularity offers a wide of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all be able to design lives and roads that are going to go with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, to the multinational multicularity in large parts are happy to just be more like their specifically specialized.
Once you say this, if there is one thing that you are taken from this talk, I hope that is this: recognized with the inner cardione, whatever it is.
If you are a heart species, then, special for all the media.
That's where you will give you the best of you.
But for the multinational mountains in the room, including those who just noticed to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, recognition with their many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those concert metalon.
Just explore the intersection.
Open up our inner cable leads us to a more authentic and happy.
And perhaps the most important thing, multicles, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the year 1,100 to a woman called August took it to a psychiatric in France.
I put it off, and I couldn't remember even the most basic details.
His doctor was called South.
Alles I didn't know how to help August, but I went back for her until unfortunately, it failed in 1901.
After his death, Alice took a custom and found strange plates and symbols in the business of Aughing, a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If I will have been alive today, we couldn't give it more help that Salad gave him 11 years ago.
Solar was Dr. Alleys Alger.
And Austaneon Deterner, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's.
Since 1,100 medicine has advanced a lot.
The antibiotics have been discovered and vaccines to protect ourselves from infectious infections -- lots of treatments for cancer, antiretroviral to HIV, stations for the cardiors and much more.
But it's recently been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's against more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affecting 40 million worldwide.
But in 2050, affecting 150 million people, which, by the way, will include many of you.
If you wait to live to 85 years or more, the chances of hiring Alzheimer's will be almost one of each other.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their drawn years with Alzheimer's or helping care care to a friend or be dear with Alzheimer's.
It's just in the United States, the Alzheimer's careful costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One in five of five dollars of the medical assistance is spending at Alzheimer's.
So today is the most expensive disease, and their costs would prevent a five times in the year 2050, as you can aging the generation of the baby of the baby.
You can be surprised to you, but Alzheimer's one of the largest medical challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively to fight it.
Today, one of the 10 different death causes all of the world, Alzheimer's the only one that you can't prevent you, cure or even routine their development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in the cancer research that at Alzheimer's, despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resource is due to a most fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what little people know, but everybody should be, Alex is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 14 years, all the scientists connect Algerna with aging.
We think it's going to be sonist in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there is only to look at a picture of a healthy compelling brain compared to a patient of Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to denier a loss of memory of memory and mental skills, the damage of the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduction that is significant and it's always deadly double.
Remember Dr. Algerian found plates and strangers in the brain of August a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
We know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think a molecule of protein as a piece of paper that folds like an origami original.
There are places on the role that are graduates.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots end up in the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky points are left on the outside.
So this makes the protein molecules to play each other, forming groups that can form big plates and elevates.
That's what we see in the patient of patients with Alzheimer's.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this distribution.
There are a lot of steps, and the identity of what happens blocked is complex as a bomb of developing.
It will cut a cable could do anything.
You can cut the other people to explode.
You have to find the right step that blocks, and then create a drug.
Until recently, in their most part, they've been reduced the cables and waited the best.
But there is now a different group of people, doctors -- biologists, genes, chemist, physicists, engineers and math.
And together, we've been able to identify a critical step in the process -- it's now a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside of our lab has seen it yet.
Let's see a few videos of what happened to test these drugs in guys.
These are the healthy guys, and you can see that they move with normality.
These guys, on the other hand, have protein molecules that are pasting each other within them, like in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms on an early stage, then we see they sound and live a normal life.
This is just a positive problem -- but research like this shows that Alzheimer's show is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 9/11, there is real hope of what you can do in the next 10 or 20 years.
But in order to grow that hope, to sell Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to know that Alzheimer's a disease is a disease and that if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have caught more research and exercise pressure of governments, pharmaceutical industry and legisms and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and
That was essential to move in the treatment of HIV in the late '80s.
We see that same unit to get cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families, the high-term victims, care of their people who are beloved and night, are often too disappeared to get out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
The Alzheimer's not in most cases a genetic disease.
All the world with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like August, which can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help them talk for them, and they help rise a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times, in January of this year.
To fall in love with somebody, doing this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the laboratory, and my own experience to test it myself.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers were taken to be 36 strange questions, and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 28 when it was the last time you cry another person's person?
And right?
As you go forward, these are more and more personal.
Number 30. This really likes me -- Digist to your partner what I give you out of him or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone who had been met.
When I took up with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had been married six months later, and invited all of the laboratory to ceremony.
So I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but then I was also interconnected.
And when I had the occasion of trying this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love me.
However, we fell in love, and I thought I was a good story, so I sent him to the column of Mourtail Modern a few months later.
That was published in January, and it's now agreed, so I assume that some of you might probably ask you, follow together so they still ask you?
And the reason I think you care about this is because I've done this question over and over the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been used to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog.
But a blog entrance can get to a few hundreds of views like a lot, and those were usually just my friends of Facebook and imagine that my article at the New York Times would be probably a few of them on it.
And that's a good charge of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But it was like, I had no idea.
The article published a Friday at night, and already the Saturday -- this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday -- I had been called the South Show and the South American Ground.
In a month, the article received more than eight million views, and I was, for a little bit I was prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to encourage trust writing with the concertage of your own loving experiences, but another thing is to find that the loving life of one has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, always, they were doing first the same question. They still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on the business of my email with the phrase, "A tons together?
And several messages came immediately.
They were from students and journalists and driver streets like this.
I got into the radio and they asked it.
I even gave a talk, and a woman screamed to the stage, "Hey, Manda where your boy?
And I immediately put it red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable to ask about it.
But I was not prepared for the revenue of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have built their own life.
In fact, the New York Times published a regular article for Valentine's Value, who included the experiences of readers to test the study in different degrees of success.
So, my first impulses before all this attention was to be very result with my own relationship.
I said not to every petition that we both did a public appearance together.
I collect television of television and red the bits of photos of the photos of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the involved economists of the whole process of love -- a range for which I didn't feel at the absolute thing.
And I understand that people didn't want to know if the study worked, they wanted to know whether I really worked. Or it is, if I was able to produce presentation love, not just an adventure, but real love, love putting.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to respond.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, about all, that people would plant the wrong question.
How do you know if we keep to do or not, and I do it to decide?
If the answer was no, I would do the experience of making these 360 less interesting?
Dr. Arthur Archine wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there the goal of the researcher was not to produce romantic love.
Instead of that, I would search to promote international care between university students using what Iran called sustainable personality, progressive and said.
Sounds romantic sounds, right?
But the study does work.
The participants were feeling closest to do that. A lot of different studies were also used to use the Sys Radio protection as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used that between the police of police and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideological.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, who combine personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately, never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a little university of liberal arts college, and then a student came up to me, and he told me with time. I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed discovered by it.
And I said, "You want to fall in love with the person who did you do?
Well, he did a cause.
I think she just want to be friends.
And I was, but became better friends?
Do you have to know better after proving the studio.
The assistant.
So it would go, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it's about love.
I took my study for the first time when I was 29, and I was taking a really difficult separation.
I had this relationship since I had 20, what I knew virtually all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or I could live without him.
So I'm flying in science.
I invented everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I hoped that it could actually be able to get the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just investigated for the book I would write but in hindsight, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I brought up with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad and just like I sat then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relative.
I have more trust to demand what I do.
But I can also see it more clearly and I can tell me that what I search is sometimes more than they rarely have to get to me.
What I search for love is a guarantee -- not just to be armed today and to be armed tomorrow, but I will continue to be threatened by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media said about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in.
There may be a way to have a way to mitigate some of the risk of risk, and this is a very attractive story, because it's a very attractive story, because you can fall in love to be wonderful, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it's about love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that you ask, still follow together?
And his content with a response of yes or not.
So more than a question, would you argue that we ask more difficult questions, questions like: How do you decide who deserves your love and who isn't it?
How do you stay in love when things are completely, and how do you know how to cut and discover?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your mate?
I don't know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So, if you want the brief version of the history of my relationship -- it's this: a year ago, a known study and I put a study designed to create romantic love, and we love, we fall together, and I'm very happy.
But I'm going to fall in love to love is not the same thing you fall in.
Love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, Love didn't happen.
Let's fall in love because we take the choice to do it.
And I get a little bit of reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered everything I knew that choice.
I don't think how many times, we would have both to take that decision, and how much it will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he always chose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answered 36 questions, I'd have chosen to love someone so generous and nice and fun, and I'd have expressed that choice on the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done is, instead, is to turn my relationship in the kind of myth that I don't think really is.
And what I look for, and what maybe spent my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the final happy impact in the title of my article -- which is, I think, the only part of the article that I didn't really write for.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose somebody, and the hope that he also loves me, and it's scary -- but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a lot of linguistic leading and in a way I came like a forest of the forest.
The city in New York is a time ago --  -- something that really affected me but more details.
Let me start with eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I got a ticket of a dollar black, a feather and a sense in her somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later, and they learn how our ideas exchange ideas, for example, how we eat spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
In the time I was in Hawaii, I like to go of excuse and survive and all those weird things -- and I was doing a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and raised all of the pages and I took up all the pages and I made a kind of called the profit cells to the Arab Martin -- I cover them and a bee of resistant and a bee was stuck off.
Well, my mother is afraid to the bees and it's algae to them, so I got more insulin on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened, in some ways it seemed like it turned out, as if you were looking at the text with a magnifying map.
So I did I build more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles that I would find on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I went to draw around the objects, and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can flow transmitted the way that you do about a hip on the scene of the crime.
And I took the objects and I created my own transport of you invented.
First, botanical than you can make an idea.
Then I did some insects and odd creatures.
It was very fun to draw on the insulin layer.
And it was great, because I started to put exposure and those things, and I was winning some money, to take my girlfriend to dinner, for instance, going to Silver.
It was stranged, man.
At some point I get interested in the human form, natural size of natural size of natural size of human beings within the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the insulin was going to kill me.
And I went to the bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
So I started drawing on the glass layers, similar to the drawing on a window in a window and then on another window and another window, and another window -- and he had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition for a three-dimensional composition for a three-dimensional composition for a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and I could stop using the resident.
So I did this for years, and my work culture with something very big, I call "tell "term."
For the "string, I was inspired by the "strategic of "The Drive of the Head of Heroic Boston who is a painting in the Proven Museum in Spain.
You know it?
Well, it's a fantastic father.
They say it's a little bit the way to your time.
Well, the Tropitan. I'll explain this piece.
Step 11 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has head double, so it's 10 meters of composition here.
It's a little bit.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the lands.
There's a cave where all of these creatures with the heads of animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, to this analog mesh industry where they hide up.
So here is where the creatures of animal heads are running into the end, list to suicide in the ocean.
The ocean is composed of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied into a drive.
Billy Gravia is in the sea. The Hordan -- the performance of the drug -- Walkan: The refugee of Osama Bin Ladies, there are all kinds of weird things that can find if you look at very well in the ocean.
Anyway, a kind of guessing.
It's coming out of the ocean -- and I spit oil in a hand while the other hand comes out clouds.
Their hands are like whales and seems like a method that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium.
So it's a teacher of the transparency.
It's a little bit a narrative.
That's the hand that I escape.
And then, when you go on the other side, it has a trick, like a bird, and I spit clouds of this catch.
It also has a two feet from 5,000 feet long.
Anyway, his tail puts fire in a volcano on a volcano.
I don't know why it happened.
Those things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a cult hidden choice made from terrific cards in 1986.
Have you seen it?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were taken to the terrorism tables.
Very thinking about your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, one is called "percentage?
It's about a six years to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material are encouraging, dictionary or magazines.
But each act as a sort of archive in ways of being human, and they travel in clusters of 20, four or 12 at the time.
They're like cells, they go together, they divide up.
And you can walk between them. It is taking me years.
Every single one is basically a microscope, which weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped on your inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can deliver the entrance there.
I'm going to grab you over the rest of the body, there is a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and I cover the penis or not putting the penis or not, or whatever it is, it has a kind of anticipation thing.
It's a quick piece of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body part of the half.
This has two heads -- and it's communicating between the two.
There are a few pills that come out and enter the head of this strange statue here.
There's a little forest scene within the tropical family.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pennium Words.
Inside this box there is a physics, a neuroscientist, a painter, a music, a radio, a radio, a school, a school, a school, a school, an editorial arm, that all the content we do in the world that we do in the world, and a garden.
So we have the box and all the people in the middle of them with other as particles.
And I think that's the way of changing the world.
When you redefined who is and the box that it's living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we're different, these concepts of countries, of the borders, of religion -- religion doesn't work.
We're all very made from the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with dark and usually we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you take your head?
They take an appeal.
But in order to be able to have this pill with the pain, first goes through the stomach, the gut and other organs and other organs.
It will take a pill is the most effective and integrating system so that any drugs will sound effect in the body.
The discoverine, though, is that when you bring it any drug.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the number of viruses in blood, and increase the DNA cells.
But they're also known for their adult side effects in its newspaper, because in the time you take to get to the blood control, they fold down, and worse for the time you take to get to your destiny, which is where it's more importantly, in the support of HIV.
These are regions of the body like the lymph lymph -- the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is innocent and doesn't easily enter the bloodstream of the patients that are subjected to regular therapy with artistic drugs.
However, after the disruption of treatment, the virus can wake up and influence new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV with the current drugs that is a treatment of life administrative by the room.
One day, I sat in and I thought, "Could we make the treatment directly to the dependence of the virus, without the risk of drugs dollars."
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was front of me, the lasers of course.
If you're used in testing, for the care of wounds and surgery of diabetes, you can use for any imaginary thing, including the interpretation of the drugs.
In fact, we are already using laser pulses to open up or physical holes, extremely small holes, that open and close almost immediately the cells infected.
The best you ask, "How is that possible?
We sent a small and powerful ray ray about the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser comes into the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microscope.
Before you even realize the hole is replaced immediately.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or flowers of Peter, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, applying it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a term of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we'll make an incisions in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is led to the site.
Finally, the third head, an incident that distributes the drug -- it releases it directly in the site of infection, whereas the laser is used again to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can drive the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researcher in our case, a treatment with laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying creature armed groups, not station -- armed organizations like terror, international or military terrorists.
I do what these groups do when they're not speaking.
My goal is to better understand these generic agents of violence and study ways of encouraging the transition of violent participating to nonviolent conversation.
I do a field of field, in the world of politics and the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost all conflict in course, because the war has changed.
It used to be a student between states.
No.
Now it's a conflict between the states and actors not government.
For example, of the 211 square peace agreed between 1975 and 2011.
So we need to understand these groups -- even we need to engage them or give them in any process of successful conflict.
But how do you do it?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons that they fight, how do you do it, but no one is looking at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the political police are relative.
Everything is part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to give them -- without a global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For instance, the liberation Beng, known by his violent course against Israel.
From his creation in the 1980s, the Hello has also established a political game, a social service network and a military device.
In the same way, the Landi Landi, known by his suicide attacks against Israel -- also disease the Gaza of Gaza since 2007.
So these groups do more than just to shoot me.
They're multiple.
They set up a complex machine of communication, radio stations, candidate stations, television and strategies of Internet and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the Islamist magazine, printed in English and published to recreate.
The armed groups will also invest in a complex range of funds without says, but by results -- for example, business companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds to increase their funds to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups are also doing something else, they create stronger ties.
They build schools, they take hospitals, they put the professional formation programs or microscope.
Heles offers all these services and more.
The armed groups also try to conquer the population offering something that the state doesn't grow, security and protection.
The success of the Taliban in an Afghan demonstrated by the war, or even the beginning of AIDS, can also understand the efforts of these groups for providing safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price of the population.
But usually provide social services means to fill a vacuum, a gap left for the government, and allow these to strengthen and increase their power.
For instance, the election of 2006 in Palestinian Hamas cannot be understood without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we analyzed the armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long term.
These groups are hurdle.
They grew up because they fill gaps left by the government, and they fix like armed and political groups, participating in the violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated things are these organizations, less we can catch them as something else to a state.
How do you call a group like Helebalist?"
They dominate a part of a territory -- they take all their function, collect the trash, take the algaetarian system.
Is it a state? Is it a reporter group.
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is IIDS."
The lines are drive.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrid and huge, and the more weak they're the states, like the Middle East today, more intervene and fill that gap the non-virtual actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
Finding that government of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and achieve peace.
If we understand better to armed groups, we understand better what incentives to offer the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new student between states and not states, not state, the military power can win some battles -- but not giving us peace and statistics.
In order to get these goals we need long-term investment to fill that security empty vacuum to fill that government of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are vision, but I fear to accept absolutely the feature of "female, would be unfair for the women.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And so I put it as a bad feminist big.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The bad female, and then in the interviews, people started to call the Media Femin.
So, what started as a personal joke meant myself and a developing providing, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give me a step behind.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about the food, these furry women, the cards of the men and they hated sex -- as if that was bad -- as if that was bad thing.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people to numb that it could be female.
It will be labeled as a feminist was a card, a word and disgusting.
They tagged me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which is too much, with high self-worth.
Nobody wants to be that government government, until it realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine to be another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting I am, in fact, feminist and also, proud of it.
For me, certain affirmations are independently? Women are equal to men.
We deserve the same sound for the same job.
We have right to travel around the world as we can tell, and you know, a little bit of access to accountant or violence.
We have right to use easy and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies -- no need of legislative control control or animal doctors.
We have the right to the respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to get in account our other ideas.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body -- expression of gender and religion and sexuality, social conditions, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of including, our feminist is not anything.
For me, these truths are video, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist of me.
I have another confession here.
When I drive the job, I hear rap music the whole volume.
Even though the letter degrees to women and defend me, the classic "State Shardland of the King Times is incredible.
"I do it to your farmers rame.
Lard, day, it moves until you smell the control?
Think about it.
Pursue poetry, right?
I'm completely muscleding for my musical taste.
I think of the work of the man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks -- but also kill insects, the garbage collect, the card of the cloud and the marketing of the map of marketing and manager.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy the fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see "The Barricuse and romantic comedy. And I have a lot of all the falls of the fairy tales that are really done.
Some of my distances are more discovered.
If a woman wants to adopt your husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to get home to raise their children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confused so that makes women be economically vulnerable when they choose women.
We solve this problem.
I reject the conventional feminist that has ignored or developed the needs of the people of color women, the workers, homometer and transportation, in favor of white women, headlines, middle class and high class.
Listen -- if that's a good feminist I'm a very bad feminist family.
It also happens this: As a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency of putting food females in a food.
We expect you to show the perfection.
When you decided, we keep them with a lot like the same period where we put them.
As I said, I am a distant? I think that I think of that food before you try to get there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being labeled as female.
They have afraid of standing up and say, "Yeah, I'm female, for fear of what that tag means -- for fear to not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make the expectations.
Take Beston to Beston or like I call it the God.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist friend.
In the video of the Advanta Museum of 2014, in MIS, act in front of the word "female of three feet tall.
It was a magnificent species, to see this poop of the poop to open up openly the feminist and do to know women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud.
Step time, cultural critics started understanding debates in the early or not exactly a feminist principle.
They calculated his femential, instead of just believe the word of an adult and mature woman.
We make the perception of the families, because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much a lot.
We're going to go much beyond the critical feeling and constructive and construction to design the feminist of any woman, and put it until it doesn't have anything.
We don't need to do that.
The bad fementorium, or rather, a most inclusive feminist is the particular point.
But what happens next?
We're going to recognize our implications to figure out, will happen to the action and be a little bit more valuable.
If I hear a big music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs in their songs until we use the change affecting the change of changing their profit.
No doubt is hard.
Why do you have their music to be so farmers?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worst choice.
But when the bad decisions are justify that makes women more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my niece, three and four years old.
These are two magnificent girls -- you decide and bright, and also very brave -- I want you to grow in a world.
So where you get it to the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best choice is seen as something much easier to do.
We can all take better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals to sexual violence against women as a sports goes back the Gold of Transparies.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go to cinema somewhere in another part when movies don't treat women more than a decorative object.
We can stop supporting the professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as bone.
In any case, the men, especially the white men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish on his magazine, participating in your project, or working with you, until it doesn't include a long amount of women, so much to participate how to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your advertising, or your organization is more including a wider range of people."
Those of us who are surprising but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny us to be included until more like us are welcome.
And because we're not a little bit of the worst of these efforts, no longer to adopt these positions -- our achievement are going to mean very little.
We can have these little actors of courage and expect that our decisions get to the top, people in the power power and producers of film and musicians and music, CEO, the legislators who can take big decisions, more brave, to create a durable and significant change.
We can also be able to claim our family, well, bad, or any terms.
The last line of my book "Cala Feminster, he says, "I would prefer to be a bad feminist to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say it about all, because I had my voice in my voice and the feminist helped me get it to it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to do what happened.
A little bit of kids got me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was just like anything.
I started to believe it was not anything.
And then I had my voice, and after it was not stuck to believe I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I was going to write with it.
I remember in a stronger version of myself.
The words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who seemed to me, and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that was not anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through the script and the femential, I also discovered that if I was a little back, another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the world that the world is about telling us that we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And on the other, I have the humiliation that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think about what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same.
I hope that we can all be a little bit values, when the more you need for such a value.
Just after Christmas last year, 123 children in California, they had satisficial to have seen Disneyland.
The virus then comes back the border with Canada, including more than 100 children in Encelbul.
One of the tragic things of this outbreak is that the standard that can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system, is one of the most easily preventable disease in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than a half century, but many of the kids involved in the Disney outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents had fear of something even worse, autism.
But a moment was not the article that I gave the computer about autism and described vaccines, discovered and made to be a fraud called by the British Medical Brutelin: Jounda.
Don't believe most intelligent scientists than the theory that vaccines cause autism is a strategic?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents all over the world are still afraid that vaccines put into danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the assists of autism of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The very few psychologists and journalists I had heard about her they thought they create all his professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, the prevalence of prevalence were still just three or four children for every 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to shoot it.
So of funds of funds of funds like autism, as autistic September assess to be autonomous as an epidemic, as if I could have another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If it's not the vaccines, what is it?
So if you ask people to the Centers of American disease of Atlanta, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like "my strange diagnosis City "Chinese, and a better challenge of cases, to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't do a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of his two years, the visual contact.
If the diagnosis of diagnosis had to be absolutely, why were they so reduced to the principle?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s, 1900.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow and catch progress of the science of the power of the swimming power of narcity.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in the world public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten on the dark corners of clinical literature.
So this second story tells us everything about how we arrive here and where we have to go.
The first story begins with an infant period, Leo Kanie, in the hospital John Hypernexics, in 1945, Kanie published an article that describes 11 young people who seemed to be 11 young people who seemed to be 11 young people who seemed to be a private world, none of their own parents.
They could have fun for hours to raise the hands in front of their faces, but they were the princes of the panic because they didn't put their favorite toy in their room without knowing them.
Over the base of patients treated in their clinic, Kanie speculated that autism is very rare.
For the 1950s as a major authority of the world in the topic, I declared that I had seen less than 150 things of his syndrome while I picked up references of places as distant as South Africa.
This is actually not to extract because the Cariborian crisis for autism for autism were very resistant.
For instance, I was arguing to give that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that epilepsy, it's very common in autism.
Once he was stuck that he had turned nine of 10 children sent by other doctors to her concerns to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanie was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not certainty.
I classify autism as a form of childhood physicists caused by cold parents and discovered.
These kids, he said, have been held carefully in a refrigerator that doesn't have a development.
At the same time, though, Kanie noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that fit in certain areas like music, math and memory.
One of the kids in his clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies, before I turn the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite challenges, he was certainly said, "Beeturent."
But Kanie had a bad opinion of these skills, and they were studying things like children were just rebuilding what they had heard of his permanent parents, desperate by winning their approach.
As a result, autism became a source of embarrassment for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible for the world in general.
amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started to test the theory of Kanie that autism was weird.
London Window, cognitive psychologist of London, thought that the theory of the severe mothers of Kanie was pretty stupid stupid.
She and his husband John were warm, and affected and they had a deep autistic daughter called Sussia.
London and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Sushi without special education, no special education, and no access to other resources without a diagnosis without a diagnosis with no discovery.
In order to defend the National Health service that they needed more resources for the autistic children and their families, London and his colleague Jewish Gulf decided to do something that should be done 30 years earlier.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They had a London of London called Cambridge to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What they saw is that the Knology model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colored and diverse.
Some children couldn't be able to talk at all, whereas others were falling in their fascination by the astronomer, in the dinosaurs or in the generosity of the reality.
In the other way, these kids didn't fit in nice fathers and sounds, as Juddy said, and saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kanie would have predicted predict.
At first, they were missing for trying to make sense to their data.
How don't anyone have been given from these kids before?
But then London found a reference to an article published in German in 1444, the next year to the article of Kanie, and then I forget, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember it.
Kanie knew about this article of competition, but he avoided supporting to mention it in his own job.
There was no even a translation to English -- but luckily, the husband of London spoke German, and he translated it for it.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Starfully, who would take a clinic, integrated clinic with an inner school in the 1930s.
The ideas of Sapartmen for the teaching of children with children with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music exercises with music, and children followed their games in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Satron described it as a political disability of life that require compassionate forms of support and state spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as a patient, Satron calls them his little teachers, and he gave him to help the development of methods of education that were especially right for them.
And fundamentally, Sarting saw autism as a diverse continent, which was a surprising variety of donors and disabilities.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been seeing it -- seeing aspects of this content in architects known in the poop culture as the social scientist run, and the professional teacher proved.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, an autism of autism is essential.
London and Juddy discovered that Kanie was wrong in that autism was infraintable, as the parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked on silence with the U.S. American Association to extend the disconnection of what they call the diversity of what they called authority species.
By the end of the 1980s and early '90s, their changes came into a video, using the limited model of Kanie for a wide and even aspect of Sapan.
These changes don't fall into rock room.
Instead, when London and Juddy worked between bases to reform these critics, people around the world saw an autistic adult for the first time.
Before "I go out of "recent "recent "recently, in 1980, just a little circle, and I would have a little crowd, I knew what the autism, but after the inexhaustible of Dassider Harvard like Ray Babby and the recognition of "Alton Mandaren with four prizes of the Academy and the profits of "Andy Man, and parents all over the world knew what the autism was.
At the same time, they introduced the first clinical clinical tests to use to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little cycle of experts to achieve a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "Another Man, the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network, a perfect storm of autism consciousness of autism.
The number of diagnosis started to electring, just like London and Juddy, they were actually expected to be able to get the people with autism, and their families would eventually get the support and the services that were going to be.
So Andrew Wappines came to blame the vaccine for the discoveries of disconnection in the diagnosis -- one simple, powerful and seductive history that is really bad as the theory of Kanie that autism was important.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are on the spectrum, it's right, the authors are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, the autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzle to solve by the new medical advances, including the term neurons to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
A way to understand the investment is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, doesn't mean it's broken.
According to the autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, undergraduately social, and suffers from an attention of attention to details.
With no doubt, the autistic people have difficulty to live in a world didn't build for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Sapan, which creates the current courts for the most amazing aspects of autism are in the understanding of the teachers, employees with ability, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman called Rosetta Zars once said, "We need all the hands on cover to deliver the boat of humanity?
As we navigate into an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence. We need all the forms of human intelligence.
We can't afford to waste and a brain.
Thank you.
