You know what I do is write for children , and in fact , I probably am the author for children , more read in the U.S .
And I always say people who do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can be <unk> as a farmer , or with leather clothes , and nobody has chosen a farmer .
Today , I 'm here to talk to you about circles , and you know .
And you know that a question is usually something that they fell in some place .
You just have to give you back to the apple to see it as a question .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the complicated circle of which I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the middle of the average school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the weird of the class .
When you 're going to look at each week every week in the bathroom of kids , until a teacher saved me .
She saved my life to me to leave the bathroom of the teachers .
I did in secret .
For three years .
And I had to go from the city .
I had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the age of years , I felt the need to start working in organizations that went against AIDS .
About three or four years ago , at half the night I received a telephone call from that teacher , the lady who said , `` I need to see you .
Now , I 'm looking for adults we 've never got to know .
You could take him to Ohio , and please bring it to that man that you 've found .
And I have to tell you that I have to be cancer , and I 'd like you to get you with it please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Art .
And we went to see , we 'd laugh , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and we take them out of their family , because it was necessary , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And so as the woman I wanted to know , as a woman came to me , became a <unk> box and it was put on my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle -- and that 's what I talked about it made in itself .
The goal is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner , and I put them into it .
And you know that that part of life needs all the rest of life .
It needs true and beauty , and I 'm very happy that we talked about this .
You also need -- you need dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As artist , the connection is very important for me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature , and it 's all interconnected .
I went for the first time to Antarctica that almost 10 years ago , and there I saw my first thing .
I was quiet .
My heart can fast , I was <unk> , trying to understand what I was in front of me .
They 're going to get my own around the water almost 60 feet , and I could n't think that it was from a snow on a snow on the other year of snow after year .
The best people are born when you 're the glaciers , or they break the walls of ice .
Every rate has their own individual personality .
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences .
Some of you give them to give them to give them up to the end , as the other , as others ca n't get more , and they 're going to get them in a bunch of dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , to see a switch , which are isolated and alone , in a big measure as we see ourselves as humans .
But the reality is all the opposite .
As you get a switch , I 'm breathing their vibrant atmosphere .
As it comes up , you measure a rate called rich water in minerals that feed a lot of life .
I come back to photograph these things like , as if you were from the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments there are a way , and you 're not going to be in that way .
It 's not the death when you fall up , it 's not a end , but a next one on the way for the cycle of life .
Some of the ice of the <unk> , which is very young , it 's a couple of thousands of years .
And another part of the ice has over 100 years .
The last photos that I 'd like to show you are from a rate that I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's a little bit often to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Here 's it .
You can see the left a small boat .
It 's about five feet .
And I 'd like to take attention to the way of the iceberg and his line line .
You can see here , it starts the boat , the boat has moved up to the other side and the man 's there .
This is a lake of Greenland , size size .
It 's the water for 120 feet or 40 feet .
This video is in real time .
And so , you know , the light shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two partners in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single <unk> . Okay .
So , two couples each with a baby .
I do n't want to get it too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about the conception itself , they 're not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And in this stage , I want you to imagine that , in a case , the chromosome and the sperm comes into the X chromosome .
And in the other case , the X chromosome is putting up to the X chromosome .
They 're both around it , and it starts life .
We 're going to talk about them later .
In my activity , I 'll get two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the story of anatomy .
I am a lot of training , and what we study in this case is the way people are going to get the anatomy -- and to say , of human bodies and <unk> , how they 've considered the body or <unk> , how they 've thought about the body .
The other role that performance in my work is the activist , as a group of patients or , as I say sometimes , I 'm going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get people out of people who are patients .
In this case , I 've been working with people whose physical features understand social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people within a same body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much more low than the average .
And I 've been working with many cases of people with sex sex , individuals , the individuals that we 're doing physics , it 's not based on the names of the names and the conventional office .
In general lines , we can call them <unk> .
It 's <unk> a lot of ways .
I 'm going to give you some examples of ways to have a sex that do n't get up in the male forms or gold .
For instance , it 's the case of the individual <unk> , which is the <unk> gene , and he tells them the <unk> , that we all have in life life , which are healthy .
And then , in fact , in fact , in fact , in fact , the Nanopatch produce testosterone .
But since this individual has no individual infections , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's the <unk> campaign to the <unk> .
So , there are high levels of testosterone , but without the reaction .
As a consequence , the body takes the body , the body is developed .
When it 's born , the baby has a kid .
It 's a child . It 's just like a child .
And often , it 's not it , but until the puberty , when it 's growing up and developing the breasts , but it does n't have the Singapore , but it does n't have the crazy period , when somebody realize that something is going on .
And then you 're going to make you test you can realize that instead of having pets and uterus , actually , it 's actually , and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think that it 's about a man , but actually not it .
Women , as the men , we have in the body something called <unk> <unk> .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> <unk> produce <unk> , the hormone of <unk> .
Most women like me , I think a typical woman ; it does n't know its typical woman , and I think it 's a typical woman most women as I are sensitive to <unk> .
We produce <unk> , and we respond to the <unk> .
As a consequence , somebody like me , somebody like me , you have the most exposed to the <unk> that the woman who was born with before it has the <unk> campaign .
So sex is something complicated . It 's not that the <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some way you can be everywhere .
Another example : I got a few years ago , I got a call from a 19 years ago , and four years ago , I had a girlfriend , and they had a girlfriend , and they had sex with it , and I had just found that I had <unk> and uterus .
I had a extreme way of a disease known as <unk> <unk> .
It was the 20th century , and in the uterus <unk> , they were so active , they were so active , in essence , we created a male .
As a consequence , their genitals were <unk> , their brain was exposed to the male archive .
He was born with a child , no one had nothing .
And it was at the 19 years when I started to have fundamental medical problems , for the ability , when the doctors found that , in fact , it was a woman .
Well , another quick example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with the 20th century develop what 's known as <unk> , it 's say , they have <unk> tissue in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why it happens .
So , there are a lot of sex .
The reason that kids with this kind of bodies , you know , <unk> <unk> , or <unk> , or <unk> , it 's not to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
In many cases people are perfectly healthy .
The reason you 're going to join several surgery is that are a threat for our social categories .
The system is based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up with a particular identity .
We have the idea that being woman is to have female identity ; it 's supposed to say to have African anatomy in evolutionary terms .
A very simplistic idea .
And when you have a body that shows something pretty different , we have trouble with <unk> .
So that we have very useful ideas in our culture of the middle of it .
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept .
Imagine the amazing thing that 's having kids who are born as two people within a same body .
The most important case is the year of the last year with the African African <unk> ; they put them in the fabric of judgment their sex in the front of Berlin .
A lot of journalists called me to ask , `` What test you 're going to do that to determine if you 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do it or a woman ? ''
And I had to explain the journalists that there 's no test .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature is not a <unk> line between men and women or women or women and <unk> and women and <unk> , we are us who we get that online line .
So what we 've got is a situation where the most changes in the science , we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were , we thought , they were able to admit that these categories were , that we thought were to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do that .
And not only in terms of sex .
And also in terms of race , something that it turns out a lot more complicated than the ideology allows it .
As we see , we put it into a real ground .
So , for instance , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with the chimpanzees .
What 's the fact of the fact of the fact of them in just a few weeks ?
And as we moved in the science we put up in a uncomfortable zone where we have to recognize that the coastal categories that are probably probably too much .
And we 're looking at this in all the present of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States , in the United States of today , are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life .
It 's hard to get a moment from which a body gets human , and it has different rights to each other .
There 's kind of kind of sort of kind of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of sort of kind of <unk> , but I know , within the <unk> , it 's when somebody are considered dead .
Our ancestors had never had to join this question if somebody was dead .
As a lot of giving them a lot of the nose , and if it was still not <unk> .
If I went to move it .
But today , for example , we extract a vital organs of a body and put them into the other body .
And as a consequence , we need to deal with the dilemma to determine the dilemma of somebody , and this is in a hard situation where we do n't have the hard categories of the past .
And maybe you think that this explosion of categories could be asking somebody like me .
In politics , I 'm successful , I ask people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that it gets nervous .
You know that these categories are much more profitable than we thought about me .
It 's <unk> from the view of democracy .
And so to tell you about this point , I have to admit that I am a little bit of the universality of Ecuador .
I know that they were curious , I know that they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so bright and dumb and so radical in what they did , that I find each how to look at that music , `` <unk> '' and not for the music , which is completely <unk> .
It 's why it happened in <unk> with the funders .
They were , they were , for me , the first activists , the first activists , and I 'll say why .
The thing that they would be made was a <unk> concept , and it 's <unk> with the other that it was radical and beautiful and turned up for 200 years .
And , as you all remember , what we 're going to do that , what we 're going to do about our pinnacle , it was the idea of the manuscript , and it was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The existence of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth .
They had the blue blood concept .
They were from the idea that it was going to the political power for the blood of the blood of my father and then the son , etc .
And it 's actually taken out of that idea , and it took a new concept , and that concept was that all men are created the same .
They 've got the game of the game , and decided that the anatomy that would matter was the anatomy in common , and not the differences , that was something very radical .
And in part of them , they were doing it because it 's going to be part of a <unk> system where they were made two things .
It was happening democracy and at the same time , the science .
And it 's very clear , if we look at the story of the droughts , which is that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a <unk> world .
They were <unk> of the effective explanations , and so they 're going to make the concept of power that was going on a very clear idea of the birth idea of birth .
They were moving into a <unk> concept .
And if we look at , for example , the Declaration of the hand , they 're talking about nature and the God of nature .
They 're not talking about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who are .
And in a consequence , they were running the idea of the coincidence .
And to do it , they were there the foundations of the future movement movement .
They did n't think about that way , but they did it , and it was great .
And what happened after ?
And the women came up .
And then it came from the success of the Rights rights movement with people from <unk> <unk> , who said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the rows of the Rights Rights movement , saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
And so again , people who are going to be able to take it on the coincidence of it , and it 's so again , and again , they get up .
We see the same thing with the thermostat 's movement .
The problem is , of course , that as we look at the ones , we have to start asking ourselves why we 're going to be true .
But , attention , I want to keep some of us , we have a couple of interested in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give you a fish the same rights to a human .
I do n't want to say that we had <unk> to the anatomy .
I do n't want to say that the kids of five years , they should allow you to have sex relationships or marry .
There 's some of us who have a sense for me have sense , and I think we should keep it .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they 're , why they are , why they have sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two things to the beginning of this talk .
We 've got two beings , both of us , both of 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine that one of them , Mary , was born , was born three months before , the one of June .
Henry , by the contrary , was born in the term , was born in the term .
So , for the only fact that I was born three months before I was born three months before Mary was all about all the three months before that to Henry , the right of the law in sexual consent , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all that do n't because it has a different age different , but it was born after .
We found other <unk> to their rights .
Henry , in virtue of being considered , and I did n't tell you if it 's <unk> , in virtue of being considered a man now , and it 's just a few man now , it 's <unk> <unk> from that who Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for their part , it does n't have the rights rights than Henry in all the states , for example .
Henry can marry all the states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman just in some states .
So it 's still going to make some different categories that in several aspects of ways they are , and Z .
And now the question is , what do we do now that science is used so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy .
I do n't want to give you to give the science , but at the same time sometimes I feel like the science of the science .
Where are we ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of attitude attitude : `` Well , we have to take the line in some of , so we 're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are stuck in a position .
For example , Texas in the certain time has decided to marry with a man , there 's no one , and that to get back with a woman , and that to marry with a woman .
Now , in the practice , they do n't make any test to people .
But this is also very strange , given the story that I told you to the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founders of modern democracy , Dr. Luther King , in his speech , `` I 'm going to say , '' giving you a solution .
He says that we ought to judge people , `` It 's not in the color of your skin , but in the content of their skin , and in the content of their character . ''
And I mean , `` Yes , the idea seems very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do ?
How do we judge people in the basis of their character ?
I want to point that I 'm not sure that we had <unk> in this for <unk> rights people , because I 've got to admit that I know some <unk> <unk> that probably deserve more social services that some human beings .
I also want to say that you may be some <unk> that I know , you can take more decisions , smart , and they 're going on about their sex relationships that people from 40 .
So how do you put in practice the issue of the content of character ?
It 's very hard .
And one part of me is a question , what if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument , maybe with a MRI MRI .
We want to really get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we 're going .
I know what I know is that it seems to be very important than the United States , it 's going to make this current thinking in the subject of democracy .
We 've made a good work in defense of democracy , and I think we do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context as the Iranian in which a man who would feel like the other men , is to be killed , at least that it 's willing to be able to be killed , at least that 's willing to be able to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm going to say that we do n't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years that I had done a couple of years that I had done a couple of years that I had done , and so they 're going to get her .
But when the phone was asked the reason , he was a very <unk> operation , and he said that in that other country , these kids would be very upset , and so I had to do it .
And what I said , `` Well , it 's considered the politician of the politician instead of the periodic separation ? ''
United
So I think we have to be the head .
Well , to end , I mean I 've been talking about , I 've been talking about it .
And I want to think how it would be democracy , or as you might have been , if we had a lot of participation to the thermostat .
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist , and it 's that I think you can have different ideas out of a lot of different skeletons , in particular if there are people thinking about a group .
From years , since I 've been interested in the <unk> , I 've also been interested in doing the sex difference .
And one of the things that I 've been interested with is the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world .
And what we know about the studies , it 's that women , in average , they do n't all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to social social relationships , and to make those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have a interesting situation in our hands .
A few years ago , when I was in the school , one of my jazz I knew that I was interested in the funders , and I was interested on a little bit , like <unk> me made me a stranger .
`` Tell me what it has to get rid of the statement . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the most stupid question I 've heard .
So , it has to see with <unk> the gender gender of gender , so there 's nothing to be done on the statement . ''
But the most more I 've thought about his question , more me , it 's like that there 's something to be something on the feminism .
I mean , that might be something , in average , something different between the Arab brain and the male that makes us more <unk> to social social relationships and willing to help the more vulnerable .
So , if you 're born , they were very profound to find the way to protect the people around the state of the state , it 's possible that , there 's possible than , there 's a bit more <unk> to this concept , maybe we would have the concept of protection with the support of the grandmothers .
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when you 're able to do the most of democracy : think less in the individual body , in terms of identity , in terms of identity , and think more in the relations .
So , as we tried to create a more perfect place , we think about what we do on the other .
Thank you .
In the year 2007 , I decided we had to assess how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where you want to go to live and work , it has the possibility to choose between at least a bunch of different cities that are living to attract new residents .
Well , in this moment , we 're far from that goal .
There are thousands of millions of people in developing countries that do n't have a single city , willing to <unk> .
But the amazing thing of the cities is that they 're getting much more than their cost cost .
So we can easily get to the world of the tens of the tens , perhaps hundreds of the new cities .
Well , this can be absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But it 's just <unk> by apartments buildings .
Imagine that the half of the who wanted to live in apartments , because of the other half , it 's going to do that .
You can try to increase the ability to turn out of the ability to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do that .
But you know that the problem that we 're going to do is that those buildings and the areas that we 're all around the areas that we 're around , and the areas that we 're all around it , and the memory of building .
So it would be very hard to do all of those things .
But you can go to a completely new place , build a whole building building , always , and when the norms of that place we 're going to build the construction instead .
So I proposed that the governments will make new areas of climate enough , and I gave them a name : cities under solid .
More late I learned that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of reform .
Did you know that every year about 75 <unk> , we had the country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask you what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things .
In the summer of the 2009 , I spent the country in the summer of the <unk> crisis .
In the next new choices , we 've been able to get them up with a platform where we 're looking at reforms , and at the same time you breathe .
He asked them to get it out of his boss 's boss .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk in TEDGlobal .
Through a whole process , trial and error , and a great amount of tests with users , tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of rules , like those norms that they say , you ca n't go and close to all of the other events of apartments .
It 's a lot of attention to the new technologies , but you need a lot of technologies like things like norms , and usually are the norms that we 're going to be going to move .
In the fall of the 2010 , a friend of Guatemala sent to <unk> a link with the TED .
I showed it to you .
They called me .
They said , `` We 're going to get this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December , we put up in Miami , in a front of a hotel room .
I tried to explain this point about the valuable that are the cities , much more valuable than their cost cost .
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York , look at it , so , in some cases , they 're worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , <unk> said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TED talk . ''
And the talk I was working in terms of very simple terms that a low city is a place where it starts with <unk> <unk> , a <unk> that makes the rules that are <unk> there and a choice that people can choose if you want to go or not live under those norms .
So the president of me , I called me , and he said that we had to do this project , this is important , this might be the way that our country happened .
I asked me to be <unk> and talk about the four and five of January .
So I found another talk with data with data , which we put a picture like this , that it was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture of anthropology , and the white line is the new airport that we built in 1949 .
It 's just this airport , <unk> over 100 miles .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a place that 's going to be able to do on the least 1,000 miles .
That 's more than 100,000 acres .
All the world 's <unk> .
The face of the audience were very serious and loss .
And the leader of Congress came up to the platform , and he said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you so much about his talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TED talk .
I have here in my computer . ''
So I felt like , and they showed the TED .
And this brings the essential ; that a new city can offer new options for people .
It would be a option of a city that you might go to be on it , instead of hundreds of miles away to the North .
And it also took new options for the leaders .
Because the federal government leaders needed to help the countries where they help to create and make the norms of the environment , so that they all could trust that the environment that we 're doing .
We went , and we saw a place .
This picture is from there .
I could n't think about a few square miles .
And a few after January , the 19 of January , they meet the Congress for <unk> their Constitution , and then we 'll take a hint that we would create these special regions .
In a country that I had just been going to happen by this painful crisis , in Congress in Congress to find it out of it , it was about the same .
All of them , all the villagers in society , <unk> .
And for you in the Constitution , you have to pass two times in Congress .
The 17 of February came up again in the other way in the other way , of course , you know .
First after the flow of the 21 of February , the 21 of February , a <unk> of about 30 <unk> was the two places in the world that are more interested in the building of cities .
One of them are Korea Korea .
This is a picture of a new center of the city that is building in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the community of Boston .
All of what you see there is built in four years , after it was four years ago , after it was four years ago .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've built two cities in China and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this , this is the point where we are .
They have a place , and you 're already thinking about a place for the second city .
They 're making a legal system that would allow them to allow them out , and the time they would allow to operate under a external system .
A country has been engaged to allow their Supreme Court is the equivalent of the last crowd for this new system .
There are <unk> and pets of cities who are very interested in the project .
They can even get some of it .
But the only thing we know that they 've been solved is that they have a good number of people .
There 's a lot of companies who wanted to move in the United States , especially in a place with a free zone , and there 's a lot of people who would like to go to live there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say that they 'd like to change the other immediately .
There 's a million the year that comes from Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave your family to go back to their family to go to get a job , sometimes they 're asking to win the money to just eat or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes there are kids who are trying to meet their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So , what do you think about the building of a new city in Honduras ?
Or we build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these around the world ?
What do you think about it , so that families can choose between several cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is a idea that 's worth spreading .
And my friends , I asked me to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I am <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before you show you what 's within , I 'm going to make an public confession , and it 's that I live with the bedroom .
I love to find , they 're going to find , and more recently , I photograph , and I cried in my blog suits , and different and different for every occasion .
But I did n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is a second hand of <unk> markets and shops in a second hand .
Ah , thank you .
The second hand , you allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I 'm going to meet people <unk> , and so my money is going to a good cause , my aspect is only , and buy it turns out in my personal staff .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Do it be on my size ?
Would you like the color ?
Would we cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel that I 've won .
I want to tell you to tell you what I 'm going to do for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what 's going to get somebody who has all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I 've got seven pairs of clothes inside , and nothing else .
In the way a week is all that I 've put in my <unk> .
I thought it would be able to find all the others that I 'd like to use after you get here to Z Springs .
And you know , I do n't know like the woman who goes for TED in clothes , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now to show you now for this week .
Does n't sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , I think , or not , I 've learned in this adventure of not use new clothes .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call it bright tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to see well .
Almost you can see a phenomenal at least 50 dollars .
All of the whole time , including it , it took me 55 , and it 's the most expensive I 've used in the week .
First : color is energy .
It 's almost no impossible impossible to be wrong , when you 're putting a brilliant red , brilliant .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other people happy .
Teacher : The integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a long time in life trying to be the same and at the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you 're going to get you from the right people , you 're not just going to understand it , it 's also <unk> .
<unk> : It 's <unk> the child that you 're within .
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to be a game , or I remember it to her small years .
I like it <unk> and tell you , `` Thank you . ''
Now , the confidence is the key .
If you think you see it with something , it 's almost sure you 're .
And if you think you do n't see it with something , you probably also be true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't to the 30 years that I really found their meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inside and outside , there 's no see that you ca n't attract .
So there 's no one for one of this audience .
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to do .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth about six words for you : `` You 've got it with everything .
And finally , Saturday , you 're doing a own personal things , and it 's a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried one and another time when people get up with this week simply , just why I was using , and we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously this is not going to go on my little <unk> .
So before I go home , in Brooklyn , I 'm going to show everything .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that we have to leave certain things .
I do n't need to give you emotionally to these things , because in the corner of the corner , there will always be a lot of a crazy suit , bright and bright and bright , if there 's a little love in my heart and I 'm looking at .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts .
The left side , which is the logic of logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So , if you take a scale to measure the internet of each hemisphere , we could design a eye of our brain .
For instance , this would be completely logical .
This is somebody who 's completely intuitive .
So , Where do you make your brain on this scale ?
Some <unk> for one of these extremes , but I think , for most of the members of this audience , your brain is something like this -- with a great bit in both of the same time .
It 's not that it 's all another .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I think one of those people , that the most of the other physical physical physicists , we need quite logic to make these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need quite intuition to make the experiments really work .
How we developed this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We put them to play with them , and then we see how they react , and then we developed our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
Now , the intuition that you can have developed with the step of the years is that it says that one thing can be just in a place .
I mean , it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you 're not born with this notion , the developed .
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar .
It was a small child , and I did n't really do it very well , it 's always destroyed .
But I bet that I play with that bar in the parking bar , he taught a lesson , and it 's that the big things not allow the <unk> , and they 're going on in a place .
This is a big conceptual model that can have the world , except you 're going to be a physical physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a physical physicist physicist , because they do n't play with a parking balls , play with these small particles .
And when you play with their particles , they discover that they do all all kinds of things -- as you can go through walls , or you can be in two different places at the same time .
And then you wrote all these observations , and they call the theory of quantum mechanics .
In that point , I was a few years ago , we needed the quantum mechanics to describe these small particles .
But you do n't need to describe the big objects that we 're around every day .
And that 's not very well to my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often , and I do n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes I play with them , but not much .
And I never seen it .
I mean , no one saw a particle .
But I do n't get well to my logic .
Because if it 's actually made small particles , and all the small particles are putting the principles of quantum mechanics , then it should n't be all going to keep the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel much better if I could actually prove that a common object is also on the principles of quantum mechanics .
It 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did it .
This is the first object you can see that it 's been in an quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a small chip .
And you can try to see the green point in the middle .
That 's the number of metal I 'm going to talk about a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to get you a little bit . It 's just on the center .
And then here we do a lot of good well , well big , a little bit of metal .
And what we see is a little bit of metal , with a way of glacier , and they 're going to be located in a platform .
And then I did this about the same way you 're going to do a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a <unk> chip , and I put all the big machines around about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole with <unk> form that 's underneath the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum activity , but for it it takes a little help .
Let me make a analogy .
You know how fast it 's in a elevator full of people .
It 's like , when I 'm in a elevator just , I do all kinds of rare things , but then when other people go down to let those things , because I do n't want to get it , because I do n't want to stop it , or , in reality .
The quantum mechanics says that the ethical objects are acting in the same way .
The journey of the journey of a journey is not only people , it 's also the light that you 're going and the wind that happens to their side and the heat of the room .
And so we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal , you know , the quantum mechanics , we would have to recruit all the other passengers .
And that was what we did .
We put the lights , then we took a bit , and we put it all around the air , and then you get it to it to a less temperature of a degree for the zero .
Now , to be just in the elevator , the small piece of metal is free to act like it .
So we measure their movements .
We found it in very strange ways .
And instead of being perfectly sick , it was vibrating , and the way it was like a breath like a breath of this way -- like a <unk> that goes on , and it takes them .
And when you give you a open soft , we were able to do it <unk> , and we do n't get it at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you , it 's really fantastic .
What does it mean that a <unk> thing , and do n't you get it at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In a case , all of the atoms of atoms that make that piece of metal are still , and at the same time that the atoms are moving for up and for the bottom .
It 's just just in some of us , when you get them .
In the rest of the time they 're <unk> .
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , what it means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It 's worth <unk> in a clean room to do this for all of those years , because , look at this , the difference in scale between a single atom , and that piece of metal is more or less the same that the difference between that piece of metal and you .
So if one only atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why do n't you do n't ?
I mean , it 's my logic that talks .
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time , how would it be that ?
How do you make your consciousness if your body was <unk> in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we take it , and we put the lights and we look at the lights and we saw it within the box , we saw that the metal left there in a single piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all the objects in the elevator in fact , they 're just the physical objects that are just going up in a small space .
You hear a lot about that quantum quantum mechanics that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not so true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things that you 're around , literally define who you 're , and that 's the deep level of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago , I got a other work on Google , until I put the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my head that 's here , and I allowed me to take it .
It took me 18 months .
And many people and stories , I assure you , with 17 museums very interesting of nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories about why we did .
I think my own story is simply explains this slide and this is access .
I grew up in India .
It 's a great education -- you know , but I had access to many of these museums and works of art .
So when I started to travel and go to museums , I started to learn a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the wish to make it more accessible through technology .
So we take a team , a great team of people , and we started doing it .
Well , you 're going to show you the demo to see a couple of interesting things that we 've been done from his launch .
So , just , we 're going to get it .
Look around all the museums there are .
It 's the <unk> gallery , the MoMA , the <unk> , the <unk> .
In fact , I 'm going to go back in one of my favorite , <unk> , the art museum of New York .
There 's two ways to do it -- very simple .
We 're going to click and , <unk> ! we 're within the museum .
It does n't matter where they 're , Mumbai or <unk> , that really does n't matter .
You move around there , and they 're grateful .
Do you want to navigate the museum ?
We opened up the bottom of the top , and , with a just click , we put inside .
They 're inside , you want to go at the end of the hall .
They 're going to go back .
It 's <unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now , I 'm in front of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' from <unk> <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign .
If the museum shows us the image , we 're doing there .
Look , this is one of the images .
So here 's all the information 's information .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can make you go there , but I 'm going to make you click here .
And this is one of the images that we call in what we call the technology technology .
So this image , for example , it contains , I think , about 10,000 million feet .
And there are a lot of people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 million feet ? ''
So I 'm going to show you what you 're actually getting with 10,000 million feet .
It can actually do around the very simple way .
You see things that are happening .
I love this guy , your speech has no price .
But if you 're really going to go on .
So I started playing , and I found it with something that happens there .
And I said , `` A moment , this seems interesting . ''
And I discovered that kids were actually playing with something .
And it was a little bit , I talked about some people from <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a call called `` Music ] '' which is in order to be a <unk> , with a stick on the Tuesday morning .
And it seems very popular .
I do n't know why they did , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get it even more deep , and you 'll see that you can really get to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to get you a picture , so you 'll see the image , so you see what there 's .
Here 's where we were , and this is the painting .
The best is going to come , a second .
So now we 're going to happen fast to the MoMA in New York City .
Here 's another of my favorite , `` The night . ''
The example I showed it was to find details .
But what happens if you want to see the lunch ?
And if you want to see how you 're able to see how you 're able to see it , you 've created this teacher ?
It goes on it , and it 's really going .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this painting , and I really 'm going to get to the cracks .
This is `` The night <unk> , '' I think I 've never seen this before .
I 'm going to show you another of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot more things here , but I do n't have time to show them .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely , it does n't matter if it 's rich or poor , or if you have a shop , that day , that day .
You can actually create their own museum , create their own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we go , -- I 've created this function that I call , `` The power of Ecuador , '' -- we just just do a couple around .
It 's about `` <unk> '' in the National Foundation in London .
You can build things , they send their friends and keep a conversation about what they feel at thinking about these potential works .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all amazing things really does n't come from Google .
No , in my opinion , even there 's no opinion of museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
In fact , it comes from those artists .
And that 's been my incredible experience with this .
I want to say , I hope that in this digital , it makes justice , and that 's based on properly .
And the great question that I 'm doing today is , `` You did this , you did this to say that the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is not .
It 's for the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good evening all .
I have something to show you .
Think that it 's a flight , a series of a conversation .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture , it 's about Italian origin , all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of his bedroom , but the reason that I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in the careers of the last two decades .
There 's some time , if you wanted to win a career career , and I took a budget and put it to a good car and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot was good enough , you asked the career .
This is what , in engineering , you 're going to get it out of control in real time .
It 's basically a system that has two different components : a sensor and a <unk> .
Now , what 's interesting is that our real systems are starting to get in our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , they 've been made of networks and electronics .
They 're becoming computers to the air .
And as you 're starting to respond in a different way , and they can be <unk> and <unk> .
It 's something big .
As you can tell you , I wanted to mention that the cities are only two percent of the planet of the planet , but represent 50 percent of the world .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with the cities , it would be something big .
More than the cities , all of these professions , and we 're going into our everyday objects .
This is an exhibition of <unk> <unk> for the late year in MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` I 'm called me . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , you start talking about .
In the way , it 's how if we almost all the atoms , we have sensors and liquid .
And that 's actually changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment .
In certain sense , it 's almost like the old dream of penicillin .
You know , when you think about this , when you look at the spades , you say that the end took the hammer , and they put it to the maze , it 's still still able to see a little bit <unk> , and he said screaming , `` You 're going to do that ? ''
Well , for the first time , our environment starts to tell you .
And I 'm going to show you just about a few examples , and I 'm going to show you just about the idea of the environment , and I read something .
Let 's start with the detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab .
This was four years , and in Italy .
It was a summer of 2006 .
It was the year where Italy won the World Age .
Maybe some of you remember , they were born Italy and France , and the end of the <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , the end won Italy .
Now , let 's see what happened that day looking at the activity in the network .
Here 's the city .
You see the Guardian on the middle and the <unk> River .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The time of time is in the upper part .
On the late early late there , there are people around here , and there 's a call , moving .
It starts the game , silence .
It 's <unk> in France .
<unk> ; people do a quick call , and it goes to the bathroom .
A second time . End of time .
More time , second .
<unk> , and in a moment , the <unk> .
It was Italy , yeah !
That night were all about the center .
So you see the big peak .
And the next day , all of the next day were the center of the state team and the first Minister of then .
And then all the world went down .
You see the image of the place called <unk> <unk> where , from the dragonflies , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the day .
This is only one example of how today you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we did n't have to do a few years ago .
Another example of detection , it 's not about people , but things we use and we consume it .
Today , we know everything about our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac , how they 're born .
But we know very little about where things are .
So in this project we developed some small labels to track the trash in their own system .
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle , a little bit more than a year , to showing what they were infected , different kinds of things , as you can see , things that all <unk> .
And then we put them a little chip , a tag , and then we started <unk> .
And these are the results for us .
We look at Seattle .
after a week .
With this information we realized that there 's a lot of fragility in the system .
We can do the same with a lot less energy .
These are data that before it did n't exist .
They 're going on complicated things , and there 's a lot of power .
But the other thing that we think is that if we see all the days that the cup that you 're not going on , which is still somewhere of the planet .
You know , if the plastic bottle , it 's still still there .
And if we show that to people , then we can promote some change behavior .
That was the reason of the project .
My colleague of MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us a lot more about detection , and many other things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part that we met in the beginning , which is I read about the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years in <unk> .
Everything started with a mayor of the mayor of the city , who came and said that Spain and the south of Europe have a beautiful tradition of the water in the public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can the technology , the new technology , you know that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed in MIT , in a shop , it was : imagine that they have a bakery and valves , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
It 's believed as a water curtain , with the water of water .
If you fall the birds , you can write on them , show patterns , images , images , texts .
And in the hand , the curtain is open to that we can happen , as you see in the image .
We put this to the mayor of <unk> .
I liked a lot .
And we put a research to design the building to the entrance .
We call it <unk> .
All the building is made of water .
There 's no doors or windows , but when you 're going to move it up to it , you can happen for you .
The roof is also covered in water .
And if there 's a little wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , it goes down the roof .
Or you can close the building , and all the architecture disappears , like this case .
Those days , there will always be somebody , in the winter , when you 're going on the roof , somebody who was there , and he said , `` You 're going to get the building . ''
No , it 's not that you 've got them , but that when it goes down almost all architecture .
Here 's what it 's actually .
You see the people <unk> by what happens within .
And here I 'm the same trying to test the sensors that you get the water .
I think that I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors were getting to work .
That night was actually more fun .
All the children 's kids came to the building because the way to interact there had changed a little bit .
It was n't a building that you 're going to take you to go back , but a building that I kept doing , and the black holes and you had to jump out to do n't .
And so for us , it was very interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , it always think about the use that people will give our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the physical Clinton , the <unk> of water , and they 're looking at them .
And this is what it took us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those birds could start fly .
Imagine that they could have small helicopters in the air , and that each one had a small portrait that changes color as if it was a cloud that is moving in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , as we saw before , which is moving with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal field in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , where it changes is the light , not the security position .
You can play with a different guy .
Imagine that the screen looks in different scales and sizes , in different types of resolution .
And then all of that , I can be a kind of black , a 3D cloud that you can go on , and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> , going down to the bottom to form a Canyon , like before .
When you turn the light , you see this .
Imagine each of them controlled for a person .
We can have every tube with a entrance that comes from people , the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> of the best dancers that today , the star of the New York City and <unk> <unk> to capture their movements in 3D and use it as a entrance for the <unk> .
Here we can see that dancing .
On the left of the left you see the Taliban , it 's in different resolutions .
It 's so much 3D in real time as it comes to movement .
It can make all the movement .
You can go around the way .
And once we have the birds to play with them , with the color and the movement and the movement , with gravity , and it comes up .
We want to use this as an possible thing for the <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project that we 're working .
It 's something for the Olympics in London .
It 's called the gharial .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could get to people to do something and change our <unk> environment like a <unk> , like a <unk> <unk> , but with a cloud .
Imagine that we could do that all <unk> a little bit for a 1976 .
And I think the remarkable thing that 's happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we spend the physical world in the digital world .
We 've understood everything , as the knowledge , and it 's accessible through the Internet .
Today , for the first time , and the campaign campaign us , we can happen in the digital world , the financial power of networks , the physical world .
In our case , this can we wanted to use it to design and do a symbol .
That means something built in a city .
But I can be to address the challenges today : think about climate change or emissions of CO2 , how to happen in the digital world in the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people get to do this together , in the collective way .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made of the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud are obese .
It 's a physical structure in London , but they covered in the leg .
You can move through it , we have different experiences .
You can see it from the bottom , they would be able to share the main moments of the front of 2012 and even more , and it can be used as a way of connection with the community .
So , it 's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can climb , as a new top of London .
You can go back there .
As if it was a new digital transistor in the night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than you 're ?
Imagine that I told you that , with just a few changes in their genes , they could improve memory -- for a more accurate , more accurate , more fast .
Or maybe you 'd like to be in the best way , to be more strong , having more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and sure themselves ?
What do we live more good ?
Or maybe that people who always wanted to be more creative .
What else would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience member : I forget .
How much people would make creativity ?
Raise your hand . Let me see .
A few , you probably had the amount of creative people .
That 's very good .
How many people would make memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little bit less .
What about longevity ?
Oh , most of it makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have something of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe it 's possible ?
The evolution has been a <unk> issue here in the TED TED , but today I want to give you the look at a doctor on the subject .
The great one of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , that also <unk> in the previous Church of <unk> , wrote a essay called `` Nothing in biology has sense to light 's light . ''
But if you create the biological evolution consider this : this is only the past , or the future ?
Is the other or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well in a end , it 's , of course , the most of us are interested in .
It 's <unk> from a common ancestor with the modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years .
In the cosmos has been maybe 20 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone up and come back .
We 've been here a few years ago .
It might seem to seem far from other parts of this tree , but actually , in its most basic machinery of our cells is more or less .
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , and it 's the same protein , and it 's the same protein .
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , you think , when you 're supposed to show you the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderful environment for those bacteria .
It 's cold , dark , the dark , it 's very expensive .
And we 're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want to want to do without effort .
It 's really like a quick light for the bacteria with <unk> , and it 's going to be able to turn it into the way .
But by the other , we 're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life .
They pay to digest nutrients , and we protect us from certain diseases .
But what 's the future ?
We 're in a kind of evolutionary balance like species ?
Or impossible to become something different , something would be better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony of the universe , life in Earth 's Earth is like a brief bit , the animal kingdom , as a animal kingdom , as a single thing , and the human life , a small note .
That was us .
And it was also the actual part of this talk , so I hope you 've been hearing .
And when I 've been able to college at college , I had my first kind of biology .
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology .
I love love in the power of evolution , and I realized about something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in the organisms , when we do , every cell and all the genetic energy in that cell , it 's going to bring the two genetic cells .
But when you look like the circular organisms start to change .
It goes on the sexual reproduction .
And something is very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that 's going on the genome , the rest of the body comes up .
In fact , you might say that we 're going to tell you that the research of the brain comes in evolution in evolution in the same moment of sexual reproduction .
I have to argue that when I was a university student thought , well , <unk> , <unk> , death , death , for it , it seemed pretty reasonable at that moment , but with every year that was going on , every time I had more likely .
I came to understand the feelings of George feet , who still was still on the Vegas in the past years .
And one night he comes to his hotel door .
He opens the door .
And we find it a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of clothes .
You look at it , and he says , `` I came in looking at a <unk> of sex . ''
`` Okay , '' he says George , `` I choose the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working by a different goal to the goal of evolution , not necessarily easy , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted to be healthy .
I wanted to get the health in the disease .
I wanted to live more and more healthy way .
The evolution is actually going on the genome to the next generation , and we found it and <unk> generation after generation .
From one point of view , you 're as a evolutionary rockets designed to send the genetics to the next level of the next level , and then they 're looking at the sea .
I think all of the feeling that we 've been forced Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want you to do n't dying . ''
The evolution does n't necessarily save the longevity .
It does n't necessarily keep the greatest or the most strong or the most fast , and not even the more clever .
The evolution uses the better creatures to their environment .
That 's the only test of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean the ocean bacteria that they can survive the heat of the <unk> that would be able , if there were fish there , fish fish , and yet , they 've been able to do that a <unk> environment .
So what means this , when we look at what 's happening in evolution and if you 're going back to think about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look at it , to the next phase -- ? I would say that there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first thing is that it 's not <unk> .
We 've got a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that by medicine , in the first place , we 've been able to preserve a lot of genes that the other way would have been infected and found from the population .
And in second , as a species , we 've added our environment for us to get to us like us like us .
And by the way , we know , <unk> , and we get them so much that it 's not possible to have the isolation to make the evolution .
A second possibility is that it 's an traditional of the traditional kind of traditional , natural , <unk> by the forces of nature .
And the argument here , it would be , that the pinnacle of evolution can seem slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation : when you have a distant planets , they 're going to be a distant planets and the environmental changes that can produce the evolution of natural .
But there 's a third possibility , an worries , intriguing and scary .
And I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not just natural -- but it 's not just a lot of us as individuals in the decisions that we will take .
Now , how could it happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
First , you find the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are taking decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're being used to have more children than women .
It 's not something necessarily good for society , but it 's what it takes the individual level and familiar .
Think that if you 're able to be able to choose not just the sex of their offspring , but in their own body to make the genetic <unk> to cure or prevent diseases .
And if we could make the genetic changes to remove the diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or to get the stroke ?
Do n't you want to do those changes in their genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible .
The Indian Project started in 1990 and 13 years old .
It 's <unk> million dollars .
At the year , the next year of being finished , in 2004 , could be done the same work for 20 million dollars in three months .
Today , you can get a full sequence of the three billion pairs of the human genome to a cost to a cost to 20,000 and on a week .
It 's not a lot to make the human genome for 1,000 , and they 're going to be increasingly more than all .
They come out of those changes .
The same technology that has produced the human insulin in bacteria can make virus that we 're not only going to protect them from themselves , but they 're going to overcome immunity against other virus .
<unk> or there 's no experimental trial in course with the flu vaccine in cells in a <unk> cells .
Can you imagine something good that comes from smoking ?
That 's actually today , and the future is going to be increasingly possible .
Imagine , only other two small changes .
Can you change the cells of their bodies , but if you could change the cells of their offspring ?
And if you can change the sperm and the places , or change the <unk> egg , and give them to their children a better opportunity , and give their kids a better chance of a more healthy life , to get the diabetes , to reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want more healthy children ?
And then , that same extreme technology , that 's the same engine of the science that can produce the changes to prevent diseases , it 's going to allow us to take <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the genius of a Ken portrait about everything if you could <unk> with the next generation of the Watson .
Why do n't we have a more fast muscle that will allow us to run faster and more distance ?
Why do n't we live more time ?
This is going to be thrilled .
And when we 're in the conditions of this to the next generation and we can take the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that we usually could take 100 years ago , and we can take 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next hundred years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , they 're going to have to get to them .
We 're going to use these options in a better society of a better society , more successful .
Or , we 're going to choose to choose different attributes that we want for some of us , but not for the other ?
We 're going to build a society that 's more boring and more expensive and more likely ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to be able to face .
And the most profound thing about everything : we 're going to be able to develop wisdom , and they hear the wisdom they need to take these comfortable decisions ?
Now , for me , and before you might think , these options are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big explosion when you 're at 30 .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine a engine doing <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , it sounds scary .
Well , I had a single seat , I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only thing that I could talk about with a flight .
So , I looked at them , and they said , `` There 's no problem . You probably get some birds . ''
The pilot had been <unk> the airplane , and we were not so far .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the plane with the Hudson River .
It 's not the route .
It 's <unk> the motors .
Imagine to be in a plane and without noise .
And then he said three words .
The three words I 've heard .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk about a flight assistant .
I could see it in your eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself .
I learned that everything changes in a second .
We have this list of things to do before we die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought in all people who wanted to get and did n't , and I thought about people who wanted to get , and I did n't , all the ability I wanted to repair , all the experiences I 've wanted to have , and I
As I thought about that more , I got a phrase , which is , `` You 're going to be bad . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there , I 'm going to open it .
I do n't want to do anything in life .
And that urgency , that 's really changed my life .
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is while the bridge George Washington , which was n't for a lot -- I thought about , oh , I really feel a great though .
I 've been a good life .
In my humanity , and with my mistakes , I 've tried to improve it in everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also gave my ego .
And I 'm going to play the time that we do n't think about people who do n't matter .
And I thought about my wife , with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , like <unk> , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years , I have n't had a fight with my wife .
You feel about my name .
I do n't try to have reason ; they 're going to be happy .
The third thing that I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is <unk> , `` 15 , 14 , 13 , 13 .
You see the water .
I 'm saying , `` Please go ready . ''
I do n't want this to put it in 20 pieces , as you see in those <unk> .
And as you 've got , I had the feeling of a sense , it 's going to die .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> for it all our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go , I love my life .
And that sadness put up in a only thought , which is , I just wish one thing .
I can see my kids to grow .
A month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- the first grade , not a lot of artistic talent -- -- it 's still .
And for me , that was all the reason of the world .
In that point I understood , to connect those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is a great parent .
For everything , the only goal I have in life is a good parent .
It 's a miracle , we did n't die that day .
And it 's the other gift , which was the possibility of looking at the future and come back and live in the other way .
You 're flying today , the challenge you imagine that the same happens on their airplane -- and please do n't be like , but imagine , and how to change it ?
What do you do , you still expect to do because they think they 're going to live for it ?
How do you change their relations and the negative energy in them ?
And the most importantly , they 're being the best parents that can be ?
Thank you .
Clearly , I 've been stuck in life with many amazing projects .
But the most cool thing I worked was for this guy .
The guy is called <unk> .
It was one of the most important <unk> of the 1980s .
A day came to his house after running , and he said , `` Dad , I 'm sorry on the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today , it has a total paralysis .
You can only use your eyes .
Her work in me .
I have a design company and animation , so , obviously , this is something that we react and we got into the world of art .
So we decided that we were going to go to Tony , <unk> , and their cause .
So I went , and I met with his brother and his father and I said , `` We 're going to give you this money .
What will you do with it ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk about Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with it , and he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , it 's not that you 're looking at Stephen <unk> is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , at least you 're going to be somebody and you have a very good sure you ca n't do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do you communicate then ? ''
Does somebody look at the film , `` The cafeteria and the butterfly '' ?
They 're living in that way -- you 're going on with the finger .
I said , `` That 's what do it be ? ''
So I told me with the only wish to give you a check and instead that he was a check that I had no idea of how I was going to cover .
I 'm going to meet her brother and with his father there in that very moment , `` Okay , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to be able to do their art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that somebody who have so much in their inside of their inside , I ca n't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be . ''
So I talked about a couple months ago .
I met these guys called <unk> <unk> , which is that they have a technology that lets you make a light on any surface , and then , with a laser , you know , with a laser , you know about that and planning space .
So you 're going to get around there to make art facility like this .
All the things that you 're like , they say , they 're part of a cycle of life .
First people start with sex organs , then with the bad words , then with the attacks , and the end , people start doing art .
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations .
And so it started the journey .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a year later , then , after a lot of organization and a lot to move the things on one side of a side of the other we had achieved a couple of things .
One , we touch the doors of sure , and we get a machine to be able to be able to communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking .
What was great .
And in serious , it 's the most fun thing ; I call it , because I 'm going to talk with the guy , you get a email , and you 're going to say , `` No , '' this guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was going to bring seven programmers from all the world 's world , <unk> from all the <unk> of the <unk> to our house .
My wife , the kids and me , and I moved into the garage , and these hackers and programmers and programmers and <unk> , and they took them out of the existence of the house .
Many of our friends thought that we did something really stupid , and that when you 're going to put them up , and that when you 've got to put them out of the walls of the walls and in their place would be guilty .
But for two weeks <unk> , we went to the walk on this , my son was part , my dog , and we create this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
They 're a couple of sunglasses in the remote sun that we buy in the walk of Al Beach , and something of <unk> and things of <unk> and things of <unk> <unk> and <unk> .
And we take a <unk> camera , we put it up on a LED light , and now there 's a device that is free , and now there 's a device that is free , we published the source , we published the software on the software .
And we create a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no kind of sure you say , `` No . ''
There 's no hospital who can say `` No . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much about you .
So at the end of the two weeks , we went into the bedroom room .
I love this picture because this is the room of another person and that 's his room .
There were all this <unk> and <unk> for the big day .
And then , after a year of a planning year , two weeks of programming , multiple percent of the night , Tony went to draw for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the <unk> system , and it 's looking at the whole system of their life .
I 'll put them the bed so you can see .
And we put a picture about a wall of the hospital .
And he went to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends , and you can imagine what the feeling was the feeling in the parking .
The funny thing was that we had to take in the parking parking , so we feel like , if we were going to make it as if we were going to do it .
At the end of this , he sent me a computer email , and this was what we said , `` This was the first time that I would buy in seven years .
I felt like if I had been under the water , and somebody went back to <unk> , and he took me out there for me to breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In some way that 's our age of war .
That 's what it goes on the movement , developing .
And we have a long way to go with this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a <unk> .
Someone with this artistic potential , deserves much more .
So we 're trying to figure out how they improve and do it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all sorts of recognition .
We 've got a lot of prizes .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are doing money with this .
All of our own pockets .
The awards were , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong took something about us , and then , in December , the magazine magazine recognized us as one of the 50 of the best tumors in 2010 , and it was really cool .
The best thing of all this -- and this is what it 's going to close the <unk> is that in April of this year in the <unk> of the Los Angeles in the Los Angeles of Los Angeles in the center of Los Angeles , it 's going to have an exhibition called `` Art in the <unk> . ''
And `` Art in the <unk> , '' it 's going to have the best <unk> of the urban arts , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
It 's going to be in the show which is pretty impressive .
So , basically this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , do it possible .
Nothing of what 's in this room was possible , the computer , the microphone , the microphone , the microphone , the microphone , the microphone .
You 're going to be possible -- anything about this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with technology , and I just recognized something , and I 'm going to get me with wonderful people to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want to do all all the days when we 're going to find it with something that we need to do , if it 's not now , when it 's not now , when if I 'm not me , who ?
Thank you .
I 've spent the last few years in situations , usually very hard , and at the same time a very dangerous thing .
I went to jail -- hard .
I worked in one of the coal -- dangerous .
It 's in the war areas , hard and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun to the beginning , something hard in the middle , very dangerous in the middle , very dangerous .
In fact , in a great part of my career , I 've been <unk> in situations in a horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to be able to bring out of social issues in ways that are attractive , interesting , and , with luck , we put it out of a way that you can see it , and affordable for the audience .
So when I knew that I 'd come up here to make a TED talk about the world 's world , and it wanted to do something a little bit different .
So , some of you can have heard , or not , a couple weeks ago , I took a <unk> .
I started some messages on Facebook , some of Twitter , I brought up on the rights of the name of the name of 2011 .
What I had was the next thing , `` You 're going to make it <unk> <unk> : my TED thing that you do n't have a idea of what is , and according to content might be on the face , especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or the company to do it .
But I said this , it 's a very good opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look like these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a title of progress , by the way .
So , I knew that he knew somebody was going to buy the rights rights .
If you were asked it a year , I had n't been able to tell you a year .
But in the new film I 'm working , we looked at the world of marketing , of advertising .
And as I said before , I 've been in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing I could buy it , it could be <unk> , for something so hard or so dangerous as you go to the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to do a film that we tried to get from the products of products , the marketing and advertising , and that all the film came together with <unk> products , marketing and advertising .
The film is going to call the largest movie ever killed . ''
So what 's happening in `` The largest film never sold , '' is that all of the top of the bottom , in the end of end , it has pictures of brand , all the time , it 's all of the time , all the time , from the <unk> that comes up before the title , the <unk> .
Now this brand , <unk> <unk> , <unk> Center .
And these people get up to the film of it .
And so the film comes all this idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's Ecuador .
I 'm a GreenLab . ( MK : I just say it . '' It was more by emphasis .
It was `` <unk> . ''
But we 're not just going to have the <unk> of the X , but we 're going to make sure all the categories that we could in the film .
Maybe you get a shoe , and it becomes the most cool shoe that you 've used .
The most cool car that you 've got in `` The largest movie never sold , '' the best drink that you 're going to take them , `` The greatest movie never died . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then just just going to show you the brands as a part of life , they make it that we would take the film ? ( MS : And we actually show the film .
The goal of the whole film is transparency .
You 're going to see all the process in this film .
That 's the whole idea , all the film , in beginning .
And I would love it to help us make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
<unk> : However , I do n't know how it 's going to be the people to that .
<unk> : You 've got a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to happen ? David <unk> : How money do you need to do this ? ''
MS : A million and a half . ( Kevin : Very good -- John Cohen : I think it 's going to be hard to the meeting with them , but without doubt it 's going to be worth worth to convince a couple of big protein .
<unk> : Who knows , perhaps for the moment that we look at the film , we see the film , we 'll see it as a lot of gratification .
MS : What do you think it 's going to be the answer ?
Probably <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` No . ''
MS : But it 's going to be hard for them , for the film or for it , or for it to be ?
JK : Two things .
MS : It means that you 're not very optimistic .
So , you help me ? I need to help .
MK : I can help .
MS : Okay . ( MK : Okay .
MK : We have to think about what it 's going .
MS : Yeah . ( MK : That 's the challenge -- when you look at the people who you have to treat ...
MK : We have some places where you go . ( MS : Okay .
MS : I thought , `` He goes on the camera , '' it meant to have a conversation .
It 's <unk> the camera means , `` We do n't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS : And so it was , one for one , all these suddenly companies come .
None of them wanted to have nothing to see with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything with this project .
And I was very excited , I thought the concept of advertising , it was a lot of the product to so much people as possible , that so much people would see it as possible .
Especially in the world today , this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of the media , it 's not the idea to tell you with that new vehicle because it 's going to bring the message to the masses ?
No , that was what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , that my idea had a <unk> error and that error was this .
I did n't have no mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been good .
But the problem was what 's the image .
You see , when you 're looking for images of <unk> , '' this is one of the first images that it looks like .
I like you the way you 'd like you , and it 's <unk> .
This was the problem , the transparency -- free of simulation or deception ; we can easily see it or seen it , and you can see it , you think , that 's why it 's made for the numbers or information of information , on all of the business practice -- it 's the last line , perhaps the largest problem .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our political politicians , the president , the president , even the <unk> .
But suddenly , when you 're going to make it something happen .
But why ? Well , the transparency day , like that kind of weird bear that still still continue .
It 's unpredictable -- like this strange path .
And it 's also very fast .
What another thing is phenomenal ?
We 're going to get a whole bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking about companies , and you tell you that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want to get rid of <unk> . ''
We want to see a story , but they 're going to make a story . ''
You see , when I was a child , and my father would come up in some lie -- and there 's he looking at it as I used to say , `` Hey , there 's three sides in every story .
It 's your story , it 's my story , and it 's my story . ''
As you see , in this film we wanted to tell the real story .
But with only one company , one agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I knew , `` I knew , John Bond and Richard <unk> , and I realized that I would have to go to my account , I would have to take it to me , I would have to take them to my own team .
So what I started in a sudden of a sudden suddenly , I started to give me a lot of it is that when you start talking with companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I 've got friends who make big movies , huge , giant and other who make small movies , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies , giant Hollywood , they say that the reason that their movies have so much successful , it 's going to make the brands associated that they have .
And then my friends who make independent movies say , `` Well , how do we 're supposed to compete with these big , giant movies movies ? ''
And the film is called `` The largest movie never sold . ''
How are we going to see specifically in the movie ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I read my <unk> , you 're going to see it .
At any time for a interview with somebody who can say `` Are you good for this interview ?
You 're ready ? You see a little nervous .
I want to help you to get you .
Maybe you should take a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there 's one of these things , you 're going to give you one of these <unk> .
So , `` <unk> <unk> '' like `` <unk> '' you 're going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have so much for man as a woman , and it 's a solid , <unk> , in bar .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a look at it .
Dr. Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's going to be a smaller movies that we 've got , we 're more good .
So we do n't have the budget that they have other brands .
So we do things like this , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know about people 's reason that we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to describe it ?
It 's in white .
SP : That 's a great question .
Woman : The top .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put on the <unk> .
Man : We talked about something deeply , cool .
I think , `` Great '' is a great word that actually put this category in a positive versus `` <unk> the smell and <unk> . ''
It 's really cool .
How do you keep it more time ? With better , more , three times more cool .
They 're like those who will make the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What 's a common guy ?
I need to talk to the man of the street , the people like me , to <unk> .
They have to talk about my brand .
MS : How do you define you ?
Man : Hmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like the good clothes .
Woman : Tell them the '80s , <unk> , '' at least that it 's a day .
MS : Okay , what 's the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : Something only . ( MS : I guess the kind of gender , the style that I have would be like a dark . ''
I like a lot of a lot of the dark colors , many gray , and things like this .
So , I 've just got it as well as some of the sun , or I like the crystals and similar .
Woman :
Man 2 : The brand I am , I call it <unk> .
Woman : In a hippie , in part of <unk> , in part of <unk> Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man three : I 'm the kind of pets .
They were toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my small sector , that 's my brand .
Man : My brand is portraits , because he said it .
Man five : It 's <unk> .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I am a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we 're not all going to be a quick brand , but I often put me on the intersection of <unk> dark , '' and <unk> .
I realized that I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could go on my head , somebody who could help me understand what we call the TED personality . ''
And I found a company called <unk> <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , some of us discover that personality personality .
If they could do it for them , you could probably do it for me .
<unk> : Do you take the photos , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture .
Voice : Tell me a little bit how it comes to your thoughts and feelings your way to be .
MS : These people do n't see my way to see the world .
And I said that the world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world that you live -- as people who are around , your friends , your friends , the way you live in your life , the work that you do .
All of those things come and start in a place and in my case , and in my case , and they start in my family , in West Virginia .
Now , what 's the next thing you want to talk about ?
MS : The next thing is the best day of my life . ''
Now , how do it like this with your thoughts , feelings and your way to be ?
MS : It 's like who I want to be me .
I like the different things .
I like things weird . I like things weird .
Now , let 's tell you the `` why do we do that ?
What 's the end ? Why phase you find you now ?
Why is a important important thing ? What 's the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
And a little bit more of you , which is not who you 're .
What else you 've had ?
And it does n't have fear . What kind of <unk> are ?
MS : <unk> ! : Thank you .
Voice : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great job ) : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you very much .
MS : Yes , I do n't know what it 's going to get out of this .
There were a lot of madness all this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but they 're looking at it , in your brand personality , the brand of the brand , the brand of a brand .
It 's very good together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some companies are only <unk> in one of their strong dots or on the other instead of focus on both .
A lot of companies tend to help the things that are not safe ; they keep fear , those elements , those elements , and you can actually get it , and you can get it up and you get it up , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classical , Apple .
And you can see it 's also here , and you can see it , you know , <unk> , <unk> <unk> and <unk> .
Now , there 's obese marks , and you 're aware , those things that have gone and come , but a <unk> brand is something pretty powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What 's your brand ?
If you ask you that you 're going to get your identity of a brand , your brand personality , what would it be ?
Are you a bit of them , you 're somebody who makes your blood flow ?
Or , you 're more good for a statistician .
It 's a little bit more fun , there 's a little bit more fun , it 's a little bit of a little bit more fun .
We 're like the civic attributes are like being hard to be cool as the Dutch , contemporary , <unk> , <unk> or elegant as <unk> , fast , as <unk> , a magical , magical , magical , magical , magical , magical , magical .
Or you 're more good than you 're going on ?
Are you aware , sophisticated as <unk> ?
Are you established , traditional , engineers ? : Do you get you with paper ?
Are you reliable , stable , familiar , familiar , safe , sacred , linear , or wise , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had more than 500 companies , and we can say , `` No , '' that they said , `` No . ''
They did n't want to have nothing to see with this film , mainly because you do n't have control , you would n't have control about the product .
It allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we 've got to tell the story in this film of how we 're using MRI , to identify the data to identify the centers in the brain , so for marketing .
We went to San Paulo where they 've met advertising to the air air .
In all the city for the last five years , there 's no papers , there 's no portraits , there 's no longer , there 's nothing .
And we went to school to school that companies are becoming the way in the schools with problems in the U.S .
The amazing thing for me is that the projects that I 've had the greatest response or where I 've had most successful things are those where I 've tried with things directly .
And that 's what they did these brands .
It 's going to get them to the <unk> , they were taking their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to deal with the artist .
I 'm going to work with it to create something different , something that 's going to do to think about people , which is going to challenge the way we look at the world .
And how do you come ? They were successful ?
Well , since the film came on in the expo of CERN , let 's look at it .
According to put the film up in January , and since that and this is not <unk> , we 've had 50 million impressions in the media for this film .
This is just a period of two weeks and a half weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The film is still not <unk> .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even in other countries still .
And ultimately , this film has been starting to win .
And it 's not wrong because almost all the agencies that we 're talking about their clients , not being part .
I 've always believed that if you get risk , if you take risks , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you get to the people of that 's going to get to failure .
I think when you get to their employees in the risk of the risk of the risk of the risk of the risk of the risk of the point of rewards .
I feel what it has to happen to move it is that we have to encourage people to take them .
We have to encourage people who do n't have fear of the opportunities that they can <unk> .
In the end , I think we have to give them to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
It 's the fear of fear .
From the time , we have to embrace the risk .
And in the end , we have to join transparency .
Now , more than you 're never going to go on a long way .
And I said this , with honesty and transparency , all my talk , `` You know , '' it 's been taught by my good friends of <unk> who for $ the rights of the name in <unk> .
<unk> : It 's big data in big opportunities for companies around the world .
It 's <unk> , `` <unk> . ''
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So , guilty , in the name of transparency , which happened to those dollars ?
MS : It 's a remarkable question .
In my pocket , I have a name of the name of the TED organization , the <unk> Foundation , a check for a child to be applied to me to work to my own school .
The idea behind the computer computer is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to be a nuclear bomb .
His more active to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> plant in <unk> .
The gray boxes that you see are systems in real time .
If we 've got to save these systems that we control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use software software ; they 're from a completely different technology .
But if we have to put a effective virus in a portable computer used for a laptop for an engineer for a set of a engineer to get this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind 1962 .
We started with an Windows <unk> .
And the <unk> goes to the gray box , I 'm amazed , and the nuclear nuclear program is taken ; a mission .
It 's easy , right ?
I want to tell you how we found this .
When we started research about 29 months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing that I knew is that it 's very , very , very complex in the front of Windows , the <unk> used multiple <unk> <unk> .
It seemed like to do something with these gray boxes , these <unk> systems .
So that 's called us , and we started a experiment where our environment is doing our environment , and we saw what happened to this .
So they have very strange things .
Yesterday it 's called a lab , which does n't liked our cheese : the wave , but I did n't want to eat .
I had no sense for me .
And then we 've been able to experience with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , this is a dog attack .
It 's completely taken . ''
The <unk> is looking for <unk> in the gray box if you find a specific , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working on that place .
If it does n't do anything .
So that 's called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , let 's say for example , a plant plant , or a chemistry in Germany .
You know , you know that the goal was soon .
And so we moved up and <unk> the code of attack , and we found that I was frozen in two digital Arabia , a small and a big .
We also saw that they were very excited about people who obviously had all the internal information .
It 's all the dots that I attack .
You can even know how much about the price .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that the <unk> is complex and high technology , let me tell you , the burden is very complex .
It 's very much about everything we 've seen before .
Here you see a sample of this code .
We 're talking about 15 lines of code .
It seems pretty much to the old language .
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code .
What we looked at the beginning of the beginning were called the system of the system , because we know what they do .
And then we were looking at <unk> and structures of data , and we tried to get them with the real world , with potential potential in the real world .
We need theories about protons that we can pass or <unk> .
To get to get to us , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , it must be a valuable white , and it 's probably a lot of a lot of Iran , because it 's where most infections has been <unk> .
They do n't find several thousands of goals in that area .
Basically it goes down to the plant of nuclear energy , and the <unk> plant .
And so I said my assistant , `` <unk> a list of all of all the experts in <unk> and energy plants between our clients . ''
He called it , and I looked at it in a effort for it , their experience with what we found on code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to put the small digital <unk> with control control .
This is that part of the smartphone within the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If you take the speed of this lens , they can actually be <unk> and even do it , and they 're able to do it .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow , and you know it in a obvious effort for a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit , and they could not solve this fast .
We tried to figure out the digital digital reactions looking very close to the data and their structures .
So , for instance , the number of the number of the source of the code , you ca n't afford it .
I started studying scientific literature about how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're actually <unk> in what 's called a waterfall , and every waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
And that had sense , there was a coincidence .
And they put better .
These <unk> in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages .
And guess what we found on the train code ?
A structure almost got to be .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands .
And so it 's not surprised .
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work .
It 's <unk> in the world , and we had to start to start .
So , we found that both digital slums were used to one and same goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and they 're doing the quarks and <unk> , and the big <unk> , and the <unk> , and the big <unk> comes up with six together .
In sum , we 're very confident that we 've been a certain thing that we 've been able to do it .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We do n't need to worry about that other goals are <unk> by earthquakes .
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw , I really found me .
There 's the gray box , and you see the <unk> .
The thing that this thing is about the values of the sensors for example , of the pressure of pressure and the sensors of the pressure and the sensors of vibration and provide expensive code , which is still running during the attack , with false data .
And believe , you know , these kind of fake data are <unk> by earthquakes .
It 's like in the Hollywood movies where , for the heel , the camera 's camera is brought up from video .
Is it pretty cool ?
The idea here is obviously not only <unk> to the birds in the presence of control .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is <unk> a digital security system .
We need the digital security systems where a human media could n't act fast .
For example , in a energy plant , when the big quarks is going on the speed , you need to open up with a <unk> .
Obviously , this ca n't make a human human .
There 's where we need a digital security systems .
And when they 're wired , then you can happen bad things .
The plant can adapt .
And they do n't take the way of security , you can notice it .
That sounds .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is really important .
Think about this . This attack is a sudden .
It has nothing to see , specifically , with <unk> , with <unk> .
It could also work , for example , in a plant plant , or in a car factory .
It 's a term .
And you do n't have .
You can also use the conventional technology for <unk> .
It 's the most possible thing .
And if you 're going to do that , with the <unk> of massive destruction .
That 's the consequence that we need to face .
Unfortunately , the largest number of goals for such , it 's not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and in Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with a lot of goals .
We need to face the consequences , and the best thing we start to make it now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Patrick , it 's made public in many sides that people see that the <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , you really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My opinion is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
It 's the engine behind this , it 's the nice thing .
There 's one single , and that 's the United States , fortunately , luckily .
Because in the other way , our problems would be even higher .
CA : Thank you .
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take , and I give the skills of <unk> , or the other who would do that it 's trying to try and get them to walk .
In `` <unk> <unk> '' we call these robots .
They 're not all different than something that you put on the morning , it gives you a great force , which is also increasing their speed , and they helps it , for example , to do the balance .
It 's actually the real integration of man and the machine .
But not just that -- you can be able to get it and the universe with the universe and with other things .
This is not an infinite idea .
So to show you now what we 're working about to talk about the American soldier that , in average , it must take about their back a <unk> , and it 's going to take them even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- injury in the back , in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with damage back back .
We decided to create this challenge , and create a ways that could help manage the issue .
Let me introduce you to introduce you a little bit of the <unk> .
Frank : With the Philippines , I can spend 90 kilos for different pounds for many hours .
Their flexible design , it allows to put it up , and you 're able to put it up , and you 're able to get it up with a lot of movements .
You know what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then they 're increasing my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial shop , to produce this device , this new intersections , this year .
Or it 's a reality .
Now , let 's go back to the look at the <unk> users , about what I feel particularly passionate .
There are 68 million people about the wheels of wheels , in the wheels of the wheels .
As one percent of the population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talked about something that happens to often , people very young people , with damage in the column that we start their life -- to the 20 , 30 or 40 years ago -- it turned up against a wall and the wheels of wheels turns out .
We 're also talking about the population that you 're located fast .
Their only option , many times -- for a brain injury or some other orphans -- it 's the wheelchair .
And this has been this for the last 500 years , from the last 500 years , as I have to recognize .
So we decided to write a new chapter on mobility .
Let me introduce you to introduce you to you that it 's using <unk> who 19 years ago , he had a injury in the column , and as a result was not able to walk back for 19 years , until now .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Here 's using our <unk> , which was saying .
It has a few sensors .
They do n't think that they send signals to the computer of board , here in the back .
There 's a few batteries that you give the energy to the motors in the volume , and in the knees , and they do it to move with this soft , and they do it very natural .
AB : I had 24 years at the top of my life when , by a strange leap on the air , they used the bottom .
In one fraction of a second , I lost all feeling and all the movement movement .
Shortly time , a doctor went to my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 're never going to walk walking . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
So I flew up to the last lot of hope of my being .
We 've allowed me to learn to us , it 's going to learn to <unk> it costs down in <unk> , <unk> rocks and even putting them up in your hand .
But they 've got nothing to walk up , until now .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change the life to change generations -- not only of soldiers , but we 've got to see it , and we 're all all the users of your wheels , all .
AB : Thank you .
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have <unk> , they practice sex to say hello , and the game is the order of the day -- where the fun is serious .
And not , it 's not the controls of Man <unk> or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , you know .
This is the world of the wild pollution of Congo .
The bonobos are , along with the chimpanzees , their closest relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary ancestor , that lived about six million years .
Now , the chimpanzees are known by its spheres .
But unfortunately , we 've made too much to focus on this way in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the currency .
While the chimpanzees are destroyed by big types , so long , the Bonobo society is in charge of females .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very low society where the mortal violence still have n't observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the less <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the deep rainforest , and it 's been very hard to study it .
The Congo is a paradox -- a three-dimensional land , and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> , the way , but also the heart of the <unk> , you know , a violent conflict that 's been around by decades , and caused almost so many deaths as the World War War .
It 's not enough that this destruction is also going to put in the survival of the Bonobo .
The eat trade and the deforestation do that you ca n't fill up and a stadium with the bonobos that are in the world -- and I think , we 're not not sure that .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear it , they 're using the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know , we know it as the apes , and the apes do n't the war , '' you know , they have <unk> sex , and they 've got to make conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity , because that life 's life is more than <unk> <unk> .
On the bonobos , as human beings , I love to play over all their life .
It 's not just a child game .
For us and for them , and for them , it 's fundamental to create , and encourage the tolerance .
We learn to trust , and we learn the rules of the game .
The game increases creativity and the resilience and it has to see with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of connections , diversity .
And when you look at the Bonobo , you see the evolutionary roots , they see the evolutionary roots , the dance and nature .
The game is the glue that we put it .
I do n't know how you play , but I want to show you a couple of small videos , the only one of the wild videos .
First , it 's a feeling of ball style , and I 'm not talking about football .
So here we have a female and a young male male , a young male male .
Look at what 's doing it .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase , and it 's got the balls of balls . ''
I just think that in this case , I love it , right ?
Yes .
So the sex play is common as well in Congo as in humans .
And this really interesting video is interesting , because it shows -- this really interesting video is interesting because it shows the one of giving a unusual elements to the game , like the <unk> , and also how the game takes trust , and it 's also how the most fun thing .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , you can take a lot of ways , some of those who are more , <unk> , <unk> , perhaps the place where you 're going to do it .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young woman , which is playing with water .
I think , as it , sometimes we play alone , and we explore the limits of our inside worlds and outside .
And it 's that curious curiosity that we 're going to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we are the real tradition of creativity .
These are just small samples of understanding that the Bonobo gives us from our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future where we have to adapt to a world every more difficult and more difficult creativity .
The secret is the key of these capabilities .
In other words , the game is our adaptation .
To turn it to a world that changes we have to play .
But , you 're going to get it to the best of our game .
The game is not inappropriate .
It 's essential .
To kill it , and humans , life is not just cruel , and it 's like it .
When it seems at least to play , you can be the moments that it 's the most urgent thing .
That 's why , partners , you 're going to take this gift of evolution and play together as the creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm going to be responsible of a nonprofit organization called Hitler .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> <unk> as a captain of captain in a <unk> body .
And in our city , in our city , in the city , in the city , in the city , we 've got to a highly skilled staff , you have to get to the bottom of the fire fire .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second walk on the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But there was still a career on the other volunteers for the other volunteers to get to the captain and find what our task was .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the fact that without doubt one of the worst days of their life .
We were in New night , she was on foot outside in the rain , under a deaf , in <unk> , <unk> , as his house was on <unk> .
The other volunteer that I had just got to get before I , <unk> <unk> came up to the captain and this was asked to go back and take the dog 's dog .
The dog ! I was <unk> . ''
There was a lawyer or <unk> of money that , for the rest of their life , I would have to tell people who went into a <unk> building to save a live building , and he won me for five seconds .
Well , I was the next thing .
He made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Oh , I need to go on the house .
I need to go on , <unk> the fire , and it brings it to this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expect , but I was -- I got the stairs , at the end of the hall , the end of the bedroom , the country in the sky , '' that it 's going to be finished from the fire , and I went into the primary room in looking at a couple of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my smartphone back by the staircase where I met my <unk> and the beautiful dog in the main door .
And we took out of the house to the age of home , where , as it was to wait , his bloodline received a lot of attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department received a letter of the age of home , and it got to save her home .
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that somebody had reached even a couple of shoes .
And so much in my calling , I was looking at it as in my call , as in my call , as a fireman , I 'm able to break from generosity and kindness in a infinite scale , but it also also acts of <unk> and courage to the individual level .
And you know what I 've learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So , when I look at this room in this room that they 've been doing , or they 're going to achieve it , and they 're going to achieve it , the remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you this : no wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make the difference in life 's life .
If you have something to give them , you 're going to get it now .
It 's food in a foot , <unk> a park in the neighborhood .
They 're mentors .
Not every day , we 're going to have the opportunity to save your own life , but every day we 're going to be able to influence the life of somebody .
So let 's go on the game .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This can seem strange , but I 'm a big thing of the concrete block .
The first bit of concrete , you 're able to grow up with a very simple idea , which is a very simple idea , and it 's from cement from a <unk> measure that play on itself .
Very quickly , these became the most more used in the world .
They 've allowed us to build things more big than us , like buildings or bridges , a wall .
That blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , in 1947 , in 1947 .
It 's called me from the website .
And in a few years , the Women 's bricks came to all the homes .
It 's been aware of 400 billion or 75 billion or 75 people on the planet .
There 's no engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
We made it accessible .
You 're just adopted the concrete block , the favorite of the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in the Bell laboratories , the next revolution was about <unk> : the new block building .
And the transistor was a small unit that will take us from a <unk> world in a few other to a world where everything was an interactive .
At the same thing that the transistor block , the transistor allows to create new circuits and more complex , a wall at once .
But there 's a main difference : the transistor was just to experts .
I did n't know it , that the building building of our time are going to be able to see the experts , so I decided to change it .
eight years ago , when I was in the Media Lab , I started exploring the idea of the engineers of the engineers and designers .
A few years ago , I started to develop <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how to work .
They 're doing it each one with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best thing about it is that they connect through magnets .
So you ca n't put it in the wrong way .
The bricks have a color code .
The green is the country , the blue is the current , the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the wire .
So there 's only that you 're going to get a blue with a green , and very quickly can begin to make higher circuits .
A blue thing with a green produce light .
We can put a button in the middle , and we have a headline .
If we change the button for a pulse of pulse , which is here , and now we have an light light .
It 's <unk> to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , you 're actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connect and <unk> , we 're going to try to program to program a very simple gestures .
So to make them more fast or more slow , you just put this button that the pulse is faster or stronger .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all of the interactions in the world , they 're going to make the world in the world .
It sounds , sounds , the solar panels , motors , it must be accessible .
We 've given the kids to see them with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronic days that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a light works on night , or why the door of a elevator goes open , or how a iPod responds to touch .
We 've also brought up to the design schools .
So , for instance , the designers without a electronics start to play with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with paper bottles , and they felt , we have to make it .
And it 's a few weeks ago , we took a few weeks , we took them to the designers of the design School , who do n't have experience a experience in engineering , just in cardboard , wood and paper , and we said , `` Make something .
Here 's a example of a project that have done , a centimeter of <unk> <unk> .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a bunch of dough that has fear of darkness .
So , for these , you 're going to be on the other material , the electronics became a new material .
And we want this material to be in all .
It 's why you 've got a open source .
You can visit the website , you download all the files of design and <unk> .
We want to encourage a world , and inventors and collaborators , because this world in the world we live , this interactive world is our .
So I go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to tell you about the unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar industry .
And my small company is going to be looking at the environment .
The distributed collaboration .
This is a small video of what we do .
Hmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit on it .
We can -- we can -- we can go better , we leave the video to a side .
No .
This is not ...
Okay .
The solar technology is ...
Oh , I know the time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
A couple years ago to recruit the best designers and technicians for you to take a year and work in a environment , and work in a environment that represent almost everything that you 're supposed to do , we asked them to work in government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America , '' and it would be like a few Peace Peace .
It 's a few members every year , and we put them to work with them .
Instead , I 've got to get the World War to the wild world .
They made big applications ; they worked with the world .
Your task is to show the chances of the technology technology .
It 's going to go around .
It 's a <unk> of the city of Boston .
Here it looks like if you saw a quote , but what you 're really looking for it is that somebody 's going to get it when it 's gone out of the snow because it knows that it 's not really a very good balls when it 's covered for a meter of snow .
How did you get to help help it is so a lot of this way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of members of <unk> for America .
They were there in February , and in that moment , a lot of last year .
They realized that the city will never run these together .
But one of the members call <unk> , I noticed something more : that the citizens would be able to get them out of them , just in front of them .
So made it like any good programmer , I developed a app .
It 's a nice app that you can take a fire .
You know , you know , when it looks like .
By doing it , you put it a name , in this case you put it down .
If you do n't do it , somebody can be <unk> .
Or it 's , it 's a circular component .
It 's an modest app .
Maybe it 's the smallest applications of the 21 applications that last year .
But it does something that any other technology of government does .
And it extends in a viral form .
It 's a responsible of systems of the city 's city to see this app realized that I could use it , not for the snow , but for the citizens to get out of tsunami .
It 's very important to work in the tsunami of tsunami , but people get the batteries .
That 's why they ask the citizens that we do .
And then Seattle decided to make the citizens <unk> <unk> .
And Chicago just to do that people are sleeping to clean legs when it turns out .
So now we know about nine cities that we 've been using it .
And this has been able to be arrested , in a organic and natural way .
If you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , it does n't happen .
The software of software has never moved a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working in a project that took three people for two months and half .
It was a tool for the parents could choose the best school for their children .
And then they told us that I 've been done by the normal channels would have been at least two years , and it was about two million dollars .
And that 's not nothing .
Now there 's a project in the judicial power of California that even the moment has been 2,000 million dollars and it does n't work .
And there 's projects like this in every level of government .
And so a app that you program in a couple of days , and it 's based on viral shape , is a kind of warning of warning to the institution of government .
It suggests the best ways to work , not as a private companies , as a lot of people think that it should be .
It 's not like a technological company , but more well as the Internet .
I mean , without a open , in the form of open .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to address the question of government that has the new generation , not as a problem of a <unk> institution , but as a problem of collective action .
And that 's very good because it turns out that we 're very good for the collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very big community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not only <unk> for America , '' but there are hundreds of people in all the country that contribute with <unk> applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
You do n't have a great frustration to that , but they 're not talking about it .
And this people know something that we 've lost .
And it 's that if we let the feelings about the feelings about politics , the row in <unk> -- and all those other things that we get crazy , the government is , in essence , in essence of Tim <unk> : `` What we do together , because we ca n't .
Now , many people have the government .
If you 're one of those people , you 're going to ask you that it 's <unk> , because things are changing .
The policy does n't change .
And since the government in the end of us , you remember that , you remember that , `` We know , the village , '' the way to think about the way to produce change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought that the government was going to choose people to be able to bring them .
Well , after two years , I 've got to the conclusion that the government is , about everything , a matter of <unk> .
This is the <unk> center of services and information .
It 's the place that you 're going to call it if you 're going to think about the U.S .
Scott looks like this call .
I went to `` <unk> '' in the base of the official knowledge .
I did n't found anything . I started with animal control .
And finally said , `` Hey , you can open the doors of the house , put music well , and see if it goes ? ''
And it worked . So by Scott .
But that was not the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has a app , web and cellphone , called <unk> <unk> .
Do n't get that app .
It was the work of the very clever people of the New York City of Boston .
A day , this happened , it 's really , it comes to this : `` <unk> in my bucket of trash . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do for you ? ''
The dynamic of <unk> <unk> is different .
Scott was talking about me .
In <unk> , it 's all public , so you can all see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report was saying , `` I went back to the place , I found the bucket of garbage behind the house .
<unk> ? I lived ? Yeah .
He took the cube . I went home .
Good night , thank you . ''
Very simple .
This is great . It 's the Philippines of digital and the physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of government to the local collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily tell the definition of platform .
I 'm going to talk about a platform for people , and they help others .
So , a citizen helped another , but here the government had a key paper .
They get the two people .
And it might be connected to the government services of being necessary , but the neighbor is a better alternative and more cheap than the government services .
When a neighbor helps another , <unk> the communities .
If we call control of animals , that costs a lot of money .
A important thing that we have to think about government is that the policy .
A lot of people understand it , but think that you 're the side of the other .
And that our entrance to the government system is the vote .
How many times you 've chosen a political leader ? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new leader , and then we hope the government would take our values , and they 're going to get our needs , but then we do n't see change .
That is that the government is like a huge ocean and politics is the oxygen layer of 15 inches .
It 's why we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of granted .
But it 's that where you 're doing that we 're doing that we 're doing that we 're doing as something that works on our against , that another thing , and in a consequence we 're missing the power .
People believe that politics is Disney .
If we want to do this institution work , we 'll have to do that the bureaucracy will be disappointed .
Because it 's where the real work work .
We have to collaborate with the government of government .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Did you see them ?
It 's a group of citizens concerned that they 've written a very detailed report in the response of the response to the <unk> of the <unk> , and it 's going to put it on the research project .
That 's not very political activism , it 's activism .
And so that we 've contributed to the government , it 's time to ask us what world we want to leave our children .
You have to see the huge challenges that they 're going to do .
Do you really believe that we need to go without solve the institution that can act on all ?
We ca n't care of government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government , so that it can grow across civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet , and you know that it 's not so hard to act <unk> , there 's only that we need the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is about 28 years , so that I 'm going to think , I 'm a generation more than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving it almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk , you 're all going to talk about .
They can express their opinions in any channel , and they do it .
So when they face the problem of government , you do n't care about doing their voices .
They 're using the hands .
They 're getting hands to the work to program apps that do better government .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be thrilled a fire , you 'll take them out , <unk> a bucket of trash that has a <unk> inside .
Since then , we could always be able to get out of those color and a lot of people .
But these applications are such as well , we 're like digital crops that we 're not only consumers , we 're not only consumers that we pay taxes and we get services .
We 're more than that : we 're citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until you do n't take the citizenship .
So I want to ask all the present , when it comes to the important things that we have to do together , all together , we will be a bunch of voices , or we also use a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've been the most part of the time in prisons , prisons and in the death of death .
I 've spent the most part of my life in communities communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And I 'll be here at TED seeing , and listening to me , and listening to me .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time , is that TED has identity .
And the things that you 're say here to have impact around the world .
In times , if something comes from TED , it has a sense and a force that would n't have to have a way .
I mean , because I think identity is <unk> important .
Here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a professor can have a lot of sense , but if they teach them with feeling , you can have a special meaning .
A doctor can make good things , you know if it 's <unk> , you can get a lot more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't learned this in the right practice , my job .
I learned my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional house of a family <unk> family , which was my grandmother .
It was hard , I had power .
It was the last word in the family .
She 's a lot of the <unk> in our home .
It was daughter of people who had been obese .
Their parents were born in Virginia in Virginia .
She was born on the time and their experience with slavery , the way we see the world .
She was hard , but it 's also angry .
When I was small , and I looked at it , and he took me to me , and he took me a good touch .
I was so strong that I could barely breathe , and then I got them .
One or two hours later , I went back to look at it , and he said , `` You know , you know , you feel , you 're still going to feel my touch ? ''
And if he said that I did n't , and if I said I know , I stopped me in peace .
I had this human quality that you do always want to be close to it .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the lower than 10 .
In times , when I was going to happen a time with it , it was n't easy to take your time and their attention .
My cousins were running around all parts .
I remember when I had eight years ago , I woke up a morning , I went to the room , and they were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was the other side of the room and I looked at it .
When I thought it was a game .
So I looked at it , and it was very serious .
After 15 minutes , she got up , I got up , I went up , and he took me out of your hand , and he said , `` You see , `` You see , you see , `` You see it . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I never forget .
I took me outside , and he said , `` <unk> , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anyone . ''
I said , `` Okay . ''
And she said , `` Now , I said , `` Now , I said , `` Of course , I said , `` Of course . ''
I looked at me , I looked at me , and he said , `` I want you to know that I 've been looking at it . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do what you want . ''
I never forget .
And then he said , `` I just want you to tell me , I 'm just going to get me three things . ''
I said , `` Sure , yeah . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want to tell me is that they always want your mother . ''
He said , `` She 's my <unk> , and you 've got to make it <unk> that always <unk> . ''
Like my mom , I said , `` Yes , I said , `` Yes , I 'm going to do it . ''
And then he said , `` The second thing I want to tell me is that you 're always going to do the right though , though the right thing is really hard . ''
I thought , and I said , `` Yes , yeah . I 'm going to do it . ''
And then , finally said , `` The third thing I want to me to me is that I never mean alcohol . ''
I had nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , I 'm going to do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in rural south , I have a brother a year , and a sister a year .
When I had 14 15 , a day my brother came home with a package of six , I do n't know where he took them to my sister , and I took me to my sister and me , and we went to the forest .
We 've just got to do the same thing .
He took one of beer , he gave me to my sister , she took me a little bit and brought me to me .
I said , `` No , no , no .
My brother said , `` Come on . ''
I took something , your sister also , you 're also a beer .
I said , `` No . I do n't feel good . You can go .
I looked at my brother .
And he said , `` What do you happen ? Take a beer . ''
I read it with a force , and he went to , `` Oh , do n't be that you 're still thinking about the conversation with me . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Let 's tell you all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I turned out .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that probably should n't say .
I know that this is being spreading .
But I have 52 years , and I can admit that I 've never taken up and a drop of alcohol .
I do n't say this thinking that it 's an virtue , I tell you the power that has identity .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to the others that really do n't see sense .
We ca n't get to do things that do n't think that you do n't believe to do .
I think my grandmother creates that all their grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been sitting on it .
My grandparents died of diseases related to alcohol .
And these were the things that , according to it , we had to get it .
Now , I try to talk about our global justice system .
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago .
In course , there was $ prisoners .
Today , there are <unk> million .
In America , we have the highest rate of the world .
We have seven million people in freedom .
And this massive childhood , in my opinion , has changed our world .
In the poor communities or black , it 's so much <unk> , so many despair , some of these facts .
One of every three black and 30 years is in prison or the 30 years , it 's in jail or freedom .
In the urban <unk> of all the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , at 60 percent of all the young color of color are in jail or free .
Our system is not just clear in the race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a judicial system that 's a lot better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not <unk> .
And it seems like we feel very expensive .
The fear of fear and how they 're doing it to believe that these are not the problems of our own .
We 're frozen .
It seems interesting .
We 're looking at our work , some very curious people .
In my state , in Alabama , as in the other states , you know , as in other states , you know , if you 've got an expert .
Now , right now in Alabama , 75 percent of the black black population has lost definitely the right .
And if we call the next 10 years on the next 10 years , the level of the price of rights to be so close to like it was before the law of the right-hand law .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent kids .
Many of my clients are very young .
The United States is the only country in the world where I spent at children from 13 years to die in prison .
We have in this country prison for children , without possibility to get out .
Now we 're in the process of some of us .
The only country in the world .
They 've got people in death death .
This matter of death expectancy is interesting .
In certain sense , we 've got to think that the final question is , people deserve to die for <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think about another way about how we 're in our identity .
There 's another way of looking at : it 's not about decide if people deserve to die by crimes <unk> , but , if we 're supposed to kill them .
This is interesting .
It 's worth death in the U.S .
In every nine people , they 've identified , you 've identified one that 's innocent , which is <unk> , and he turned out of the death row .
A rate of error , amazing , a innocent of every nine .
This is interesting .
In aviation , you 're not going to allow it to have been able to go on airplanes if every nine , you 've got to get it .
But in some ways we can get out of the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our smartphone .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk about about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of if they 're going to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes , with students with students , I talk about slavery .
I 'm talking about terrorism , the time I started at the end of the reconstruction , and it took up to World War II .
We do n't know a lot of this .
But for the black Americans in this country , it was a glimpse for terror .
In many communities , people had fear to be <unk> .
I 'm worried about it .
The terror of terror was what their lives is going to send their lives .
Now there 's the biggest people who come up and tell me , and they say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you 're going to tell you that in our people who let them say that in our story we 're going to say that in our history , then with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
I say , `` No . ''
The age of terrorism went , obviously , with Prozac and decades of <unk> and separation .
In this country , we have a dynamic why we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And it 's why we have n't understand the meaning of what we 've historically .
All of the time we get a few other .
We 're constantly created and conflicts .
It costs us to talk about race , I think that it 's because we 're not willing to get it with a real process and reconciliation .
In South South Africa , people understood that I could n't get to overcome them without a commitment to the truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving me about death death .
It was fascinating , because one of the teachers sit after my presentation , and he said , `` You know that it 's okay to listen to what you 're saying . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have a death death in Germany .
We can never get them here . ''
The room sat in silence , and a lady said , `` There 's no way that with our story , we could never get in the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that us , success and deliberately , we put it to people in people . ''
It 's like this .
How do we take them in a world where a nation like Germany , we had a nation , especially if they were in the most Jews ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there 's this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If you do n't care about these things so hard , the positive things , and wonderful things are , though , they 're involved .
We love innovation .
It 's a technology of technology .
We love entertainment .
But thirdly , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , <unk> , <unk> .
In my opinion , it 's necessary to get both things .
We 're going to talk about the need to have more hope , more engagement , more comfortable with the basic challenges in this complex world .
I think that it wants to say more time thinking , and talking about the poor , the <unk> , who never come to TED .
You think about them , in some way , something that 's within our being .
It 's true that we have to believe that we have n't seen .
So we are , though , though , as rational , they 're so rational .
It 's innovation , with creativity , development comes not just about the brain ideas .
These things come out of ideas that are also by the heart of the heart of heart .
This connection of the mind with the heart is what we 're going to look at not just in the brilliant and metaphors , but also it 's also the dark and hard .
There 's a big leader , the big leader , talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in East Europe , we did all kind of things , but mainly we needed it was hope , but mainly we needed it was hope , orientation for the spirit , a will be in sites of despair , and it will be sad . ''
Well , that rate for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think , that still in communities like TED , it must be able to get it .
There 's no research related to technology and design , that we can allow us to be truly human if we do n't pay it to poverty , to 2020 , the inequality , to the injustice .
Now , I want to notice that these thoughts make a lot more challenging than if we combine these things .
We 're going to find them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to know what 's going on .
These women were just going to just talk about .
Occasionally , I call me , to tell me , `` <unk> , comes to me , and we 're going to bring it to talk about .
Do you want to come and remember ? ''
I said , `` Yes , I know , `` Yeah . I know I want . ''
So she said , `` Well , and what do you go ? ''
I 'm going to say , `` <unk> . ''
So I went , and I just heard it .
It was something very <unk> , very <unk> .
And in a occasion , I was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , he said to me , and he said , `` Now , you know , <unk> , what 's that idea of economic justice .
Tell you what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started to give you my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question the injustice .
We tried to help them that they 've been interested with .
We tried to take the biases and discrimination in the management of global justice .
We tried to end up with the day of life , without freedom for children .
We tried to do something about death death .
We tried to reduce the population in prisons .
We tried to end up with the massive <unk> . ''
I took all my best speech , and I looked at me , and he said , `` Oh ! ''
And he said , `` You know , <unk> , it 's very exhausted . ''
At the moment , he said , `` <unk> . ''
I think actually , the TED community has to be a lot more <unk> .
We have to find the way to face those challenges , those problems , that suffering , that suffering .
Because the humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been confident in simple things .
I 've got to understand and believe that every one of us is higher to the worst we 've made .
I think that 's true for all the world in the planet .
I 'm convinced that if somebody says a lie , it 's not because it 's a banjo .
I 'm sure , if somebody takes something that does n't happen , it 's not that it 's a burglar .
Even if somebody kills the other , it 's not that it 's a killer .
This is why I think there 's a basic dignity in the people who must be located by law .
I also think that in many parts of this country , and without doubt , in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not the wealth .
So it 's not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think , though it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very beautiful , really <unk> , it 's not going to judge us by our technology , by our designs , not for our intellectual capacity or rational .
At the end of the end of a society , not by the way as they treat the rich , powerful and conservative , but by the way , as they treat the poor , they pay , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we started to understand the really profound issues about what we are .
I 'm going to end up . I 'm going to end with a story .
Sometimes I do too much .
It 's tired , like all .
Sometimes those ideas are going beyond my stories of a important way .
I 've been doing these kids who have been affected with a lot .
I 'm going to jail , and I see my age of 13 and 14 years , who have been <unk> for them as adults as adults as adults like adults as adults like adults as adults like adults as adults like adults as adults like adults as adults like adults as adults like adults as adults like adults as adults like adults as adults like adults as adults like
And I start thinking , how can you be ?
How can a judge turn to somebody in what 's not ?
The judge would be <unk> , but I see a child .
A night I was born thinking -- `` Why , if the judge can turn you in something that you 're not , it must have a magical powers .
Yeah , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You need to ask something of that .
As I was very late , I could n't think correctly , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14 of 14 years , a small , poor , black .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> that he said , `` You know , `` You know , I 'm going to know that my black client of 14 years , it 's trying to be able to do like a Jewish mouse of 75 years .
In the <unk> , I put there that there had have been sure that there had have been able to meet them in the Bahamas , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a synthetic line on how in this country , there 's no ethics , but all a lack of ethics .
At the next morning , I woke up thinking that <unk> would be a dream , or I really wrote it ?
For my horror , I did n't just have <unk> , but he had sent it to it .
It took about two months , I had forgotten .
And I finally decided , `` Oh , God , I have to go to the end of this case stupid .
I got to the car , and I felt really scary .
I went on the car to play .
I thought this would be very hard , and I thought it would be very hard .
And I finally took me out of the car . I read it .
I was going on the stairs when I found it with a black black man ; it was the cafeteria of the cafeteria .
When I saw me , he came up and said , `` Who 's you ? ''
I said , `` I am a lawyer , '' he said , `` It 's a lawyer ? '' I said I know .
And so I went up and me .
And I was interested in the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you that that was <unk> .
And that 's actually connected to my inside , with my identity that we all have to contribute to the community with an vision of hope .
Well , I went into the audience .
I saw it , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this little bit <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Yeah ! I went to discuss .
People started to get . They were all busy .
I was the one who had written those crazy .
They were the cops , they get the cops of the assistants .
As soon , without knowing how the room was full of people . All of people , because we talked about race , because we talked about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the height of the eye , I was going to see it , I was going to see it , and he came up .
I 'd read it by the window and <unk> all of that <unk> .
I 'm walking walking for here and for there .
And finally , this old black black , with a face of concern , I walked on the room and sat behind me , almost on the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge was going to be a shot .
For the break one of the weekends , he showed me , because it had been sitting in the room .
And the assistant came up on the old black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the whole room ? ''
And the old black black came on foot , looked at it , and he looked at me , and he said , `` I went to this room , and he said , `` I went to this particular room to tell this young young man who would keep their view in the goal . ''
I 've come to TED , because I think many of you understand that the moral encyclopedia of the universe is very big , but it goes into justice .
We ca n't be truly human beings , if we do n't worry about human rights and for dignity .
What our survival is connected to the other .
And that our technology of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must be able to take them out of it , and it 's a lot of justice .
And over the top of all , to those of the present that you share this , I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You know , you know , you know , you see a little bit of the audience , in this community , to help them , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
Phone : There are several opportunities .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> this spring in which it 's going to make a effort to make the funds that spend today in political policy .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars in death death , in the next five years .
And despite this , <unk> percent of the cases of Iowa , not <unk> .
Forty percent of the villagers do n't get to nothing .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to tell you that you 're doing these funds to make the law , the security .
I think there 's a very quiet opportunity .
CA : There has been a huge drop in conservation in the United States , in the last three decades .
Some of the explanation , you say that it has to see with the highest rate rate .
What would you say that it 's like this ?
We 're actually , in fact , the government rate has gotten relatively stable .
The big growth in massive proportion in this country is not for crimes with violence .
It 's the wrong side against drugs .
It 's why that 's the dramatic increase in the Muslim population .
And we let us convince you by the absence of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people into the chain that we think about , because of a bicycle , for a small crimes , for small crimes against property , instead of making those resources to their victims .
I think we have to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
I think that our philosophy 's philosophy about punishment does n't do nothing for anyone .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : We 've been excited about it today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much , thank you thank you .
Announcer : Do you get the threats for the death death .
Now , two two : <unk> in Somalia .
It 's going to be four : <unk> <unk> . Voice five : <unk> <unk> .
Less than six : It 's social .
Let 's look like eight : <unk> of tsunami .
A lot of us : War . War . ''
Less . It 's <unk> . Egypt . Syria .
It goes . Death .
Oh , God !
Peter expectancy : These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months , <unk> could be over the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that the media should be used to make negative news , because our minds will pay attention .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of every day , our ways are getting many more data that probably the brain can process .
And as nothing more to survive , the first stop of all of those data is a ancient piece of the temporary lobe called amygdala .
The amygdala is our early detector .
It 's <unk> and put all the information looking for something in the environment that could make it harm .
That 's why one of a <unk> stories look at the negative .
That old saying of the press , `` If there are blood , they sell , it 's very true .
And since all the digital devices are getting negative news , the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day , it 's not to wonder that we 're true .
It 's not surprised that people think the world is wrong in worse .
But maybe it 's not .
Maybe , in change , what 's really happening is that we 've got <unk> .
Maybe the huge progress in the last century in the last century , for a series of forces is based on ways that we have the potential to create a global world in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , the endangered of species , the water of water and energy .
As human beings are very good for the problems , and the long , just with them .
Let 's take it in the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , the average income per capita per capita has been solved around the world .
The child mortality has taken 10 times .
In addition , the cost of food , the cost of electricity , and the communication , it 's over 10 times .
Steve Wilson showed us that we 're living the most compelling time of humanity .
And Charles says that the global literacy spent 25 percent of 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really living a extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget .
And we 're going to continue the expectations every time .
In fact , we measured the meaning of poverty .
Think about , today in America , great part of the people who live under the line of poverty , they have electricity , water , accidents , accidents , television , cell and cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the past century , the <unk> of the planet , you 've never got to have been taken with such a statistician .
It 's a lot of this technology , and it 's a lot of the exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed you that any tool that we 're going to get on technology in the technology of information in this curve , Moore 's Law , and it rotates the price of the price in a few months .
So the cellphone that you have in your pocket is a million times more cheap , and a thousand times more fast than a meter of the '70s .
Now , look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to see two things on this curve .
First , the soft that is -- in good and bad time , in war and peace , in recession , in depression , in depression , and in the end .
It 's the quick computers , they used to build the faster computers .
It does n't stop to any of the big challenges .
And though it 's <unk> in an law on the left , it 's called the bottom .
The growth rate of technology is in itself more fast .
And in this curve , to <unk> from Moore 's Law , there 's a very powerful technologies that we 've talked about .
The computing in the cloud , which my friends are called infinite computing , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing , 3D printing , the 3D printing and their ability to tolerate production around the planet , the synthetic biology , the vaccines and the A.I .
I mean , how many you saw the victory in `` Watson of Watson , from IBM ?
It was penicillin .
I went on the newspapers the best headline I had .
And I loved this : `` Watson 's going to understand humans . ''
He 's not a easy game .
It 's doing it with the future of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for all in the cellphone .
Four years ago , here in TED , Ray Kurzweil and I had , we launched a new college call .
We teach these these technologies to our students , and in particular , how you can be used to solve the big challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to take a company , or a product or service , which can be able to affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can be able to make the life of a billion people .
30 years ago , that would be absurd .
Today , we can see a <unk> of companies that have already done .
When I think in creating abundance , it does n't mean to create a typical life for each of the planet ; it 's about creating a life of possible .
It 's going to take that that 's <unk> , and they 're doing a lot .
You see , it 's modernity , and technology is a force that generates resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon from the 1800s .
He 's the kind of left .
I got to dinner the king of <unk> .
The troops of Ecuador , they were covered with friends , and the same Napoleon , with Nigeria .
But the king of <unk> , they ended up with aluminum .
You see , the aluminum was the most valuable metal of the planet , and it was more than the gold and trustworthiness .
That 's why the tip of it 's going to Washington it is aluminum .
You see , though the aluminum is the percent of the Earth of Earth , it does n't come like pure metal .
It 's connected by oxygen and <unk> .
But then it came to the <unk> and made the aluminum something that we use it as if it was <unk> .
It 's analogy to the future .
Let 's think about the power of energy .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're in a planet , for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They get to the Earth 16 <unk> <unk> every year .
It 's not about metaphors , but it 's like that .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of the solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the <unk> of the <unk> , and you 're able to convince them with 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that to the end of the decade , in the U.S. parts of the United States , the solar electricity cost six cents the <unk> per hour compared to 15 cents .
And if we have abundance of energy , we also have abundance of water .
Let 's talk about the wars for the water .
Remember , when you tell you , you know , when you hear about it , you 've got the spaceship 's spaceship to the Earth , in 1990 , after that happened Saturn ?
I put a famous picture .
`` A Mark dot . ''
Because we live in a planet of water .
We live in a planet covered in 70 percent for water .
Yes , <unk> percent is water , two percent is ice , and we ended up by the middle percent of the planet , but also here there 's a hope .
It 's a technology available in 10 years , but right now .
It comes up , you know it .
In a conversation with Dean , this morning , one of the innovators of the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , he gave me permission to make it -- their technology called <unk> <unk> , because the technology called the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate a thousand gallons of clean water on the day of any source of the day of the day of any source , <unk> water , <unk> by less than two cents the gallon .
The president of Coca-Cola just that I 'm going to make a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes right , and I have a lot of confidence that this is , Coca-Cola is going to bring it up into <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an innovation innovation for this technology today .
And we 've seen it in the cell phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent of the cell phones in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
Think about , that warrior <unk> has better mobile mobile communication in the middle of Kenya that the International Reagan has 25 years ago .
And to tell you with a smart smartphone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information that the president Clinton 15 years ago .
It 's in a investment world of information and communication that no one could have predicted .
We know that that , the things that you and I 've paid tens and hundreds of thousands of thousands of dollars <unk> , video video , images , and images , libraries , digital technology , and they lose value value with cell phones .
Maybe the best thing is when you get the applications in health .
Last month , I had the pleasure of Mario with the <unk> Foundation called the X <unk> <unk> , from 10 million dollars .
We 're putting up to the teams of the world to make these technologies in a mobile device with which they 're talking about , and since it has A.I .
To win it has to make the best mayor that a certificate physician .
Imagine this device in the middle of the world in the developing world in which there are no doctors , where it 's going to be from 25 percent of 25 percent of the health .
When this device <unk> a RNA virus , or DNA , which does n't solve , we call the health , and in the first place , to avoid the pandemic .
But this is the greatest force to produce a investment world .
I call it the billion .
The white lines of here are the population .
We 've just got the brand of seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against the population explosion is to make the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
For 2020 , we spend two billion to five billion people users .
Three billion minds never before you 've got a lot of the global conversation .
What do you want these people ?
What would you do ?
And instead of a economic collapse , we have the most economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of billion dollars <unk> in the global economy .
And it 's about more health because of the <unk> , of a better education with the Academy Center and because of the use of the limbs in 3D , and the computer use it will be more productive than never before .
What can we provide three billion members of humanity , healthy healthy and productive ?
What about a little voices never before ?
What if we give them to the world , where they 're , a voice to be heard , and we can act for the first time ?
What about these three billion ?
And if they 're contributions that we ca n't predict ?
Something that I learned with the X X is that small teams , and it took up by their passion with a clear goal , they can make extraordinary things -- things that before you could only do the big corporations and governments .
I 'm going to end with a story that really was really excited .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
It 's in the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids , and find the way you fold the protein .
The folds determine the structure and the talk .
It 's something very important in medical research .
And so far , it was a <unk> problem .
They 've played with this college teachers , among others .
And then hundreds of thousands of people came up and they started <unk> .
And it has been shown that today the global patterns of the human patterns is better enough proteins that the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of the <unk> of <unk> .
We have the <unk> capital .
And we have three billion minds that we 're going to get us to work in the solution of the big challenges and do what we had to do .
We have a few extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
It 's the <unk> of the point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , before I give them three examples to do time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in Vila .
Maybe you think about it , I was n't .
You 've actually got fish .
And it comes to one of them as a very `` common . ''
It was the unexpected .
It 's a lot to the 1960s .
Now , the fish is in the Red Brigades of Congress .
But we 've heard this story many times , about Galapagos and other places , so that has nothing special .
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think that they 're <unk> .
We 're still going to say that they 're still going on .
So what 's going on here ?
The second story , it 's also curious another concept : <unk> of the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 , when I was there in 1971 , when you 're sitting in the West in Western Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought it might be <unk> .
I was excited about the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exhibition to the sun .
The Milky was surrounded , and , as you can see , from some mangroves .
There were <unk> from about 20 inches , it 's about a black beard .
And the fish of this was very abundant , and it was going to happen for a good moment , so it was getting more than the average in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later , after the amount of fish had moved into half .
It 's going to be five inches .
It was a genetic pressure .
There was still fish .
In the way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
Or it 's nothing to changed , but it 's all changed .
My third story is that I went on in the introduction of fishing fishing in Southeast Asia .
In the 1960s , thank you , it started in the <unk> Europe made a lot of development projects .
The developing development would be taken to the countries that had 100 fishermen , <unk> the industrial fish .
And this is pretty ugly , it 's called the <unk> four .
I went to fish in it , and we did studies in the south of the sea Sea of China , and about everything , in the Science Sea .
And what we 've built was something <unk> .
<unk> , I know , the bottom of the sea .
The 90 percent of what we built were wrong , other animals that are on the bottom .
And most of the fish are a little bit of small , a little bit about information , you know that are fish fish fish .
In short , the bottom of the sea came to the deck and then it was <unk> .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In a year , you take a studio and then it starts the commercial fishing .
The bottom is going to be a solid sea system , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They do n't eat them . You know , because they were dead .
Once we put a living .
It was still not <unk> .
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food .
This mountain mountain is what they take the fishermen every time you 're going to a area where you 've never fish .
But it 's not documented .
We get the world , but we do n't remember it .
You 're going to get the point , the new level , without remember what was there .
If you look at this is something like this .
In the axis of the axis , we have good things : biodiversity , many of them , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes with the time . It changes because people do things with it .
Every generation to use the images in the beginning of their conscious life as well as the normal and it takes it down .
The difference is that you think of loss .
But you do n't get the loss that happened before .
You can look at it .
And at the end of the end of the end of the end of it .
And that , in a big measure , it 's what we want to do now .
We want to keep things that are not , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects the people when the societies are making animals without knowing what they 've done to some generations later .
Because obviously , a animal that 's very abundant , before you 're going to go back , it 's kind of often .
You do n't lose animals .
You lost very rare animals .
Even if this is not a big loss .
With the time , we 're going to focus on the big animals , and in a virtual sea of big fish .
They 're going to get a little bit , because we put them .
With a few fish , but we think that that 's the point of it .
And the question is , why do we do this ?
Well , because we do n't know that it was different .
In fact , many people , scientists , <unk> that was very different .
And they 're going to do it because the <unk> evidence in a way , it 's not the way that they need to have the evidence .
For instance , the anecdote that some of them , as a magician , as I looked at a lot of fish in this area , you ca n't be used or , as it does n't use the scientists of fishing , because it 's not `` scientific . ''
So , we have a situation where people do n't know the past , although we lived in societies , because they do n't live in the sources of the past .
From there the huge paper that can be able to get a protected area .
Because with the marine areas , we actually bring the past .
It 's the past that people ca n't think because the point of the point has gone up and it 's extremely low .
That 's for the people who can see a protected area and you can benefit from the vision that you provide , what they allow them to write their point .
And what happens with people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like people in the West , for example ?
I think that the arts and the movie might be able to fill the vacuum .
And this is a simulation of Carnegie Bay Bay .
A long time , there were a lot of time there was gray whales in the supermarket Bay .
And you may have noticed that we 're going to think about it , and the <unk> are like `` Audience '' .
And if you think about it , if you think about what people have been on with the movie , and I 'm going to talk about the story of <unk> why do you do with the images ?
Because it 's something that , in some sense , it 's lost .
And that 's why my recommendation , the only one , the only one to give them , it 's going to Cameron , to do , `` He II II .
Thank you very much .
Hello . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the manager of YouTube trends , and I look at videos in a professional form .
It 's true .
So we 're going to see why the videos are doing it , and what important has that .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , pets , when I was more young , that seemed something very , very hard .
But today , the website makes any of us , or our actions , copper , you know that our global culture .
Anybody can be famous in the Internet in a <unk> .
They 're getting over 48 hours of video video , for a minute .
And , of those , just a small percentage , just a small percentage , it gets a lot of <unk> , and it makes cultural cultural .
How ?
Three things : suffering of trends , communities and factor .
Well , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh , God , God , God .
My God !
Wow !
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video <unk> outside of his house in the National Park .
In 2010 , it was seen 23 million times .
This graph shows the slides in the bottom of the past summer .
It 's not going to make you make a viral video .
I just wanted to share a bow .
That 's what you do if it 's called sub-Saharan Mountain .
I had published many videos of nature .
This video had published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Nepal .
Jimmy Bezos published this question that we 're going to take the video to the transistor .
The amount of trends as Jimmy , we have to create new things and interesting and <unk> to a wider audience .
Forty Black : It 's Friday , Friday . You 've got to start the Friday . You all want to get the end of week , the end of week . KA : I do n't think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> . ''
They saw about 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency of use .
At the same thing that you 've been twice , '' this video seemed like to have come from nothing .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask the other ones , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this night in particular ?
Well , I took them <unk> and many blogs started to write about it .
I was Michael by Nelson Science , from <unk> Science , was one of the first people in doing a joke on the video in Twitter .
But the important thing is that a person or a group of manufacturing trends a point of view , and they share it with a larger audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this big joke , then you start talking about that and do things .
And now there 's 10 <unk> of `` <unk> '' in YouTube .
So just in the first seven days , there was a little bit for each other days .
Unlike the entertainment century of the 20th century , this community is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new with it .
`` You know , `` You 're going to think , '' it 's an suspended animation with an music .
It 's so , that 's all .
This year you saw about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a three hours that 's seen four million times .
And so the cats saw this video .
And there 's cats who saw other cats to see the video .
But the important here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet <unk> community .
There was <unk> .
Someone made a version of the old .
And then it became international .
Suddenly , it turned all a whole community that made this going to be a dumb joke to something that we can all form part .
Because today we do n't just look at it .
Who could be predicted something like this ?
Who could be predicted , `` Did you be twice , '' or `` You 're going to get you a lot of <unk> ? ''
What script could you have written that we do this situation ?
In a world in the world you 're going on two days of video , for a minute , just the really unique thing and unexpected can be able to get them in the way these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the rooms in New York , I admit that I 'm not interested in a lot .
Neil <unk> : I 'm looking for the <unk> , but often there are obstacles that you 're able to measure them on the <unk> .
KA : Thank you to the surprise of surprise , and its humor , <unk> , I did that five million saw , and you know their idea .
So this approach for all the new thing that we 're doing a creative way .
And all this brings us a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
It 's <unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
The dynamic of tendency , communities , creative communities , they 're completely unexpected , they are features of a new kind of media , from a new culture , that we all have access and it 's the audience that 's causing it .
And as I said before , one of the beginning of the world , which is what they 're in the world , which is in YouTube .
No permission to express their ideas .
Now we 're all a little owners of our golf culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , they 're only about the media of today , but the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a real story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still building .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece , a man burning the work of all a life .
It 's a poet , a <unk> , a man whose whole life had been found in the only of the only unit of unit and freedom of their country .
And you think , as the <unk> come on <unk> , we put the fact that your life had been completely in 1986 .
Now , the words , so many time friends , now they did it .
It 's <unk> in silence .
They were born by the story .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met it .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget their story .
My task was not going to leave that that 's been in 1986 , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to be <unk> , but it 's <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat to the dawn , <unk> <unk> to the sea .
My mother , <unk> , I had so 18 years when his father died , and a <unk> marriage and two small girls .
And for it , life had been involved to a single task , and it 's going to be able to do that , the finger of his family and a new life in Australia .
It was no for it that I could n't make it .
And then from one of the four years that the fiction is the fiction , a boat is repeated to the sea 's sea .
All adults knew the risks .
The biggest fear were the notions , the rape and death .
As most of the adults , my mother had been able to get a bit with poison .
If you 're going , first we had my sister and I did , and then , and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant rate of the engine , the <unk> in every wave , and the vast and empty and vacuum and vacuum .
I do n't remember the notions of people who came several times , but they were <unk> with the courage of the men in our boat , or the engine dying , and it would not be able to go for six hours .
But I can remember the lights of the U.K. platform in front of the Malaysia of Malaysia , and the young man who went up and died , I end up the journey , and the first apple that I tried , and the first apple that I tried , and the first apple that I tried , I read by the men of the platform .
No apple had after the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in 1957 .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women at the long of three generations , giving a new generations together .
We 've been in <unk> , a <unk> class whose population is surrounded from immigrants .
A difference of the middle of the average class , whose existence , and I had no sense of the right .
The smells that they were on the shops of the world .
And the fragments of English , it 's about the people who had a thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked in farms , then in a middle line of cars , working six days , twice .
So , I found time to study English , and you get a title of the information of information .
We were poor .
All of the dollars they were on , and I had a extra risk in English and math , do n't want to care what I was going to take , that it was usually clothing new ; it was always a little hand .
Two years of millions to school , one to hide the holes of the other .
A school uniform , because I had the last six years .
And there were weird and <unk> about the `` eyes <unk> '' and some guilty : `` <unk> , come back home . ''
At home , where ?
Something in me .
I was forced to determination and a voice who said , `` I 'm going to get it . ''
My mother , my sister , and I put them on the same bed .
My mother was putting up every night , but we did about our day , and we 're going on the movements of our grandmother in the house .
My mother had been nightmares , all of the boat .
And my task was going to be crying until their nightmares start to be able to be able to get it .
She opened a computer shop , then I studied to be <unk> and opened the other business .
And women came with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and kids , and kids have gone up with two worlds .
They 've been desperate and Iraq .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classical mother , it 's going to get them with what 's going on .
On the other , I was a lot of <unk> lives , <unk> <unk> by violence , the abuse of drugs and isolation .
But many people get helping the years .
And for that work , when I studied my last year , when I studied my last year of 2013 , I was able to send me the young days of the year .
And I went away from a piece of the puzzle to the other , but their edges did n't .
So , I mean , I mean , I was a lot of <unk> , it was now so much , and it was now that , and a social activist , invited to talk in sites that never heard about it , and in houses whose existence had never imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use them .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to go to the pages and the head of life in a <unk> <unk> -- a grandmother , a mother , a mother , a mother , and two daughters on the day as they did for almost 20 years , <unk> on the day of each of the day .
And I said my mom who could n't do it .
I remember that I had the same age that she had when we go back to the boat .
The `` No , '' I had been a choice .
`` Hey , '' he said , `` You 're not going to be not what 's not . ''
So I talked about <unk> and education , and the <unk> to the recipes and the <unk> .
And the most frankly , thank you , it was the thing to talk about .
I met people from all the roads of life , many of them doing what they loved , living in the border of possible .
And although I ended up my age , I realized that I could n't stay in a career .
I had to have another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized the same time that it 's fine , it 's good , a little bit , a little bit , again in the scene -- and not just that it 's a good thing , but it 's something that I 'm grateful to be grateful , perhaps a gift of the boat .
Because it can be inside it , you can easily mean , you can easily want to accept the assumptions of your province .
And he gave the enough steps out of my happy , so to know that the world is fast , but not the way we fear it .
You know , they did n't have been <unk> , they were <unk> .
There was a energy there , a optimism optimism , a strange and courage .
So I kept my intuition .
It 's going to be a small group of people to who the slogan , `` You ca n't be done . ''
For a year we had a penny .
At the end of every day , I did a giant proposal that we all shared .
You 're going to get up to the night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant , and we opened up .
I took the decision to help the United States .
And then in one journey .
My wetsuit again .
Three months later , I had moved , and the adventure did n't .
Before I end , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who matter .
Life did n't changed for centuries .
His father died a few after she was born .
The mother grew up .
At 17 , it became <unk> from a <unk> whose mother .
Without their husband , he led to the <unk> , and take the cause it 's like , and much more <unk> when he won them .
The ca n't be done to be wrong .
I was in the shower in the front of a hotel hotel when she died , at a thousand miles , in 1957 .
I looked at the <unk> of the shower , and I saw you stop the other side of the other side .
I knew I had come back .
My mother called minutes later .
About later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> , and we sit around her .
We tell stories , and we tell sure that we were still with it .
On the night of the night , it came up and told us that I had to close it .
My mother asked us to make your hand .
I asked them to `` Why your hand is hot , and the rest of the body as cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken his hand from the morning from the morning , '' he said .
`` You do n't have <unk> . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that goes through women .
Because that we were , and how life we had , we can see that the men who had come to our lives would have been frustrated .
You 've got <unk> .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I wonder about the boat .
Who could you want that to know ?
However , I 'm afraid of the privilege of easy , the right .
I can give you a <unk> in their lives , they 're going to teach them up in every wave , the <unk> rate of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know it .
But if I could take them and see it , and you do it .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother 's mother here , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story starts in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the sky , in the sky <unk> <unk> Ali .
We were some of how anything has changed from the age of the ancient Indian Prize .
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car and <unk> the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
In that time , when you 're looking at , the great Indian warrior , I had to get a bow , and with a <unk> , and with a <unk> .
We do the same thing with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we took was that the machinery had broken to magic .
And that 's a lot of me .
Every time I felt a little bit more than <unk> .
I 'm going to get me this idea of losing the ability to enjoy , and you know a wall if I did n't have the camera , if I did n't get my friends .
I seemed like the technology had to allow the magic , not to kill it .
In my kid , my grandfather gave me her <unk> <unk> .
And this whole piece of 50 years was for my most magic thing .
And it became a cotton door to a world full of images , and <unk> and <unk> in my imagination .
And I had the feeling that the cell phones , and the <unk> , and the cameras they want to get it .
Let 's take our inspiration .
So I mentioned , I came to this technological world to see how to use magic , instead of kill them .
We took books from 16 years .
So , when I saw the iPad , I saw a <unk> device able to connect to the readers of the whole world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where we 're , we 're , where we 're .
We put the text with the image , the animation , the sound and touch .
The influence becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what do we do that ?
I 'm going to launch <unk> , a interactive app for iPad .
He says , `` Did you get your fingers on every light . ''
And so , he says , `` This box comes to ... '' I write my name .
And so I come back a book .
In several moments , it gets a <unk> -- the iPad knows that I live because of the GPS -- that comes to me .
My child was excited about all these possibilities .
I 've talked about magic .
And I do n't mean , and so , but that 's that magic of childhood , to those ideas that we 're going to get from kids .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar of the jar was always a lot of exciting .
So , here , we have the iPad to release the fireflies .
And actually , you 're going to get your way on the way of the book .
Another idea that I was a little girl who was a whole galaxy in a little bit .
So here , every book , every book , and every single world goes on a little bit that I 'm going to look at this magical device , within the device .
And this opens up a map .
In the whole book of fantasy has always been maps , but they 've been aesthetic maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> , and you choose it for the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book , it 's also ubiquitous .
I 'm going to go back .
Another very important thing for me is to create Indian content and the contemporary time .
Here 's the <unk> .
We 've all heard of the <unk> and the <unk> , but how many people were out of India , you know their favorite men , <unk> ?
And these poor poor , they have been married in the cameras , for them , in a old and ugly book .
So we 're bringing them back into a small child story .
In a story that it 's about things like the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up , and they 're going to get them to the outside world .
But now with the mobile technology , we can take our kids to the natural world with its technology .
One of the book of the book is this adventure where you have to go out of the outside , take the camera or the iPad , and we collect images of different objects .
And I had a lot of a kid , I had a lot of features , of those , rocks , <unk> and shells .
For some reason kids do n't do it .
So to recover this research in childhood , you have to go out and , in a chapter , <unk> a picture to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex , and then you know .
In this way that creates a digital collection of pictures that then can put on the Web .
A boy in London put a picture of a project , and he says , `` Oh , I saw a wetsuit . ''
A boy of India says , `` I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a digital photos that have been taking .
Within the variations of the magic , the Earth and technology are a lot of possibilities .
In the next book , we 've got a interaction where you 're coming with with the iPad and the video goes on , and through a soft reality , you see a group of <unk> , which is on the plants of the house .
In a moment , the screen is filled with leaves .
And you have to do the sound of the wind and <unk> to be able to read the rest of the book .
We 're going to a world in the world that the forces of nature was interested with technology and magic , and the technology is coming back to another .
It 's the energy of the sun .
We 're close to our children , and we 're close to our kids to the natural world and that magic , joy and love love that sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to tell you about why many projects of <unk> workers .
And I think , really , that the most important thing about that is that we let them listen to the patients .
And one of the things that we did in the University of <unk> was going to a director of the listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she looked at a small cup of coffee or tea and I asked it , and I asked them , and I asked them , what happens ? ''
`` How can we help ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems why we all , or maybe not all , but most of the projects of <unk> workers , because we let me listen to .
So this is my leopard . It 's something very simple .
It has a <unk> .
All the morning I come up .
And yeah , I have a challenge as you can see .
I put the challenge to get to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I connect to me , it 's my information to Google .
And my doctor 's doctor has access to him . So , he can see what my weight is my weight , not at the same time where you need to use <unk> or some urgency of that style , but you see it back .
But there 's another thing .
As some of you know , I have more than four followers on Twitter .
So , every morning I connect me to my hometown , and before you go back to my car , people begin to talk to me : <unk> , today you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure of the pairs used to help the patients , because it might be used for obesity , and also for the patients stop smoking .
On the other side , it can be <unk> to move to the people of their chairs and together we develop some different activity to have more control of their health .
From the week of the week .
So this little <unk> connected to a iPhone or another device .
And people can be able to be able to be able to take their blood pressure , <unk> to their doctor , and share them with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where the patients assume a position , they 're going to get out of the control , and it 's going to get rid of their own boat , but it also can be able to help care of health because of the challenges that we face , as the price of the energy costs , the proposal and other issues .
We 're very simple that they 're simple to use and start with this for the patients in the team .
And you can do it with techniques like this , but it also through reality .
And one of the things we did like to share with you with you with a video .
We all have <unk> controls in cars .
Maybe we have in our cell phones .
We 're perfectly perfectly where people do ?
But where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find a quick food of fast food .
But where is the most close to help this patient ?
Hey , but nobody knew .
No one knew where you 're going to get your own lives in this moment .
And what we did was doing it was to do the Netherlands in the Netherlands .
We created a Web site , and we asked the audience that : if you see a <unk> , please <unk> , and when it 's open , and when it 's open , because it 's open , because it 's open , because it 's open , because you 're open , because you 're open in the office and other are closed .
And more than ten <unk> , they were actually introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was looking for the app for that .
And we did a app for the iPad .
We created a app for <unk> , reality reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and somebody would be able to use your iPhone , and the weeks I used to use his Microsoft of Microsoft to find the most close , which can save lives .
And today , I 'd like to present this , not just like <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we 're going to get it to the global level .
We 're doing all the colleagues in the world , in other universities , for us to help us find , working and act like a center for the <unk> of the <unk> around the world .
Every time you 're in vacation and somebody would be a bit or somebody in front of you , you can find it .
I also want to invite companies in all the world that could help us the world .
They could be a <unk> services or people , for example , to see if the <unk> that shows it is still in its place .
Please do on this , and not just improve health , but take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share a picture .
Or it 's a picture ?
Because of course , they are photographs that you ca n't take with their cameras .
My interest for the picture was sitting with my first digital camera at 15 years .
It 's giving me with my passion before the drawing , but it was a little bit different because to use the camera the process was in planning .
And when you take a picture with a camera , the process of the process of the process when it 's the <unk> .
For me the photograph had more to see with being in the right place , in the right time .
I seemed to me that you could do it .
That 's why I wanted to create something different , a process that I started to take the <unk> .
Forty as this : a building in a very <unk> road .
But it has a unexpected twist .
And despite it , it 's going to keep it up .
Or pictures like these -- dark , and they 're doing the time , but with the common goal to keep the ocean level .
And when I say , `` I mean , `` I mean , `` I mean , I mean .
Because of course , it 's not something that can be <unk> , but I always want you to look like it seems to be put some way as a picture .
It 's why you 're going to think about a moment to find the trick .
It has more to see with a idea that I 'll capture a moment .
But what is the trick that does it seem real ?
Are the details or color ?
Did you get the light ?
What does it create the illusion ?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective .
But at the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can feel in a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about if it 's realistic , but what we think it 's realistic .
So I think the case are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we took different parts of reality , and we put them to create a alternative reality .
I 'll show you a simple example .
So here we have three perfectly objects , it 's something that we can do with the three-dimensional world .
But they 're able to create some way you can create something that still seem three-dimensional , as if you were there .
But at the same time , we know that it does n't exist .
So , you know the brain , because the brain does n't know that it 's really no sense .
And I see the same process to combine the photographs .
It 's really in making different realities .
And the things that they make a picture seems realistic , I think that are those where we do n't even think about , things that we 're all around our daily life .
But when we combine photographs is very important to think , because the other way something is going to see bad .
So , I 'd like to say that there 's three simple rules that will continue to get realistic outcomes .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But we can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective .
Two , the photos we have to have the same kind of light .
And these two images are doing , they were actually taken out the same height and the same kind of light .
The third point is doing impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect stream .
It has to be impossible to see where the image of the image .
This is another example .
I could think that this is the image of a landscape , and the bottom part of the bottom is inappropriate .
But this image is completely destroyed by photographs of different places .
In the personal , I think it 's easier to create a place that you find , because you do n't need to put the ideas that has on the head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months for <unk> , to find the different places for the puzzle .
For instance , the fish was put in a fishing journey .
The ice are from a different location .
The part of it was put up in a stone bar .
And I know , I even made red , the house of the island for it it seems more telescopes .
So to get a realistic result , I think it makes planning .
It 's always start with a record , a idea .
And then we have to combine the different photographs .
And here every piece is very well .
If you do a good job to take the photos the outcome can be very beautiful , and so much realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'll start showing you a slide about technology , very boring .
Please do it ...
It 's a diagram that I took from a folder of mine .
I 'm not interested in how to show you how to show you the details , but the general way .
It 's about a analysis that we were doing about the power of <unk> ventilation versus the power of the local area .
The interesting thing about this is that this , as many other we tend to see , it 's a kind of straight line on a straight scale .
In other words , every step here is a order of magnitude on the scale scale .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves is a novel .
Here 's something weird .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please look at the lights .
It 's more intensity because writing about paper .
Why is the technological curves on scales ?
The answer is that if you draw on a normal line in which , let 's say , these are the years , or some of the time , and this is the years , and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to convey , the diagram would see something ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It 's not very much .
But if you choose , for instance , some other technology , as the transportation , in a <unk> line would be very dumb , we see a straight line .
But if you 're something like this , it gives a substantial change .
If the technology of transportation , it 's so fast , as fast as you can take a taxi and be in Tokyo in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't go to that rate .
There 's no unprecedented in the history of the technological development of a <unk> growth that every few years ago of magnitude .
The question that I want to make is -- look at these exponential curves , we see that they do n't continue to be still .
It 's not possible to keep this fast change as fast as it goes .
It 's one of two things .
Or you 're going to turn up in a typical line , I know like this until it 's completely different , or maybe I 'm going to do something like this .
That 's all that it can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think it might happen something like this .
It 's going to be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we 're in a transition of what used to be the world , to a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and wonder , it 's : what is that new way that you get the world ?
Where new state is the world ?
The transition seems very , very excited if we 're sitting in it .
I remember that I remember the future to happen in the year 2000 , and people used to talk about what happens in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future , and we see that the future remains the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has gone up , year after year , in my life .
But I think you have to feel that something is happening .
It 's an transformation . We can feel .
And we know that it does n't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it 's all so different than what we 're doing today has no sense .
So I want to talk about how it might be , how could it be that transition that we experience .
But to do that to talk about a little bit of things that do n't have a lot to see with technology and computer .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at things at the long term .
The scale of time I 'd like to do it is the time of life on Earth .
I think this picture has sense if we look at every billion years .
So , we 're going to go back about two million years when the Earth was a big rock rock with many chemicals that we 're going to get around .
If we see the way that we organized those chemicals , we give them a idea of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and it 's that , at that time , there were a simple version of oil with all kinds of chemicals in their inside .
Some of those billion oil , a particular combination of chemicals that they did <unk> materials from the outside , and then the van grew up grew up there .
And they started with it .
In a certain sense , those were the most primitive cell forms , that 's where those sides of oil .
But those deaths were n't alive , in the sense of this , because every one of them had a clinical recipe .
And every time you 've been able to take them up with an unequal distribution of the chemicals .
That 's why every group was a little bit different .
In fact , the deaths that you 're going to be better to be better to the hour of creating the chemicals , they grew more , and they grew up more chemicals , and they become more .
They lived more time , they were more accurate .
It was a way of life , life life , very simple , but things get interesting when these deaths learned the trick of abstraction .
In some way that we do n't understand very well that they 've learned to store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe of the cell , in a special chemist called DNA .
In other words , <unk> in this evolution without sense , a <unk> system that allowed them to understand what they were to be able to choose .
The amazing thing is that that system of writing seems to be stable since they evolved millions of years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , they have exactly the same code , that the same system of writing .
In fact , every single thing , every single thing is that the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
So here I have a couple of white dust that I try to hide the people of the airport .
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this piece of DNA , and I put it 10 to 22 times .
So if somebody wants to 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot for all the present , in fact , for every person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , you would have put it in a virus , and it would have come through the room .
What was the next step ?
The DNA was a interesting step .
This cells have made these cells , they were happy than other billion years .
But then it happened another big step on the things that things were very different , and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information , and we communicate information .
I do n't know if you know , but bacteria can test DNA .
So , for instance , they evolved the resistance to antibiotics .
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin and the <unk> to create their small DNA with other bacteria , and now there 's a lot of resistant to penicillin because the bacteria communicate .
This communication realized that they 're going to take communities that , in the way , they were together , they were together in that .
In that way you 're going to take them together , or it 's that if a community was very successful , all the individuals of that community are getting more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the bottom point happened when these communities were destroyed so much that , in fact , they came together , and decided to write all the recipe of the living community in a DNA chain .
The next stage interesting for life took another billion years .
And in that stage we have <unk> communities , communities in many kinds of different cells working together as a organism .
In fact , we are a <unk> community .
We have a lot of cells that we have n't act on .
The cell cell cell is not the heart of heart , or your muscles , or the brain , and the brain , etc .
So these evolved communities , and they found more interesting levels that the cellphone , something we call a organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
These started <unk> information .
And to build a very special structures that did n't make more than process in community .
They 're the neural structures .
And the neurons are the devices that we create the information that those communities have built .
In fact , they started a lot of the community in the community , the <unk> structures , understanding and convey information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them a evolutionary advantage .
Because in that moment , as individuals , the learning was taken to the duration of a organism , and not the period of evolutionary time .
So , a organism could , for example , to learn to do a certain fruit because I knew bad , and they were sick the last time that they ate it .
And that could happen for the life of a organism , because they had built these different structures of information that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who took that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system has to build those structures of information that we spend the evolutionary process .
Because evolution might happen to an individual .
It could happen in the time to learn .
But then , of course , individuals found the trick of communication .
So , for instance , the most likely we know is human language .
If we think , it 's an amazing invention .
I have a very complicated idea a very complicated idea , in the head .
I 'm here sitting on a lot of patience , and , with luck , we build a similar idea , elegant and cold , in their heads , that they found some analogy with mine .
But we take something very complicated to turn it in sound , in sound sequences , and we create something very complicated in the other brain .
That 's now allowed us to start to work as a organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started to do it .
Now we 're going to spend it for a similar time in the similar organisms , and we 're going to make our <unk> methods , I know and processing processing .
For instance , the invention of language was a small step on that direction .
The cell , the computer , the video of video , the <unk> , etc , and it 's the scientific mechanisms that we 're going to build that information .
And that 's what we think about something much larger , faster , and they can create more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen in Chad .
You know , you know , you know , you know , you 've seen the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> in which it 's a certain evolution with the <unk> program .
And now we 've added the scales of time again .
The first stages of the story that they told them took a billion years every one .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took about hundreds of millions of years .
The next , the language , they took less than a million years .
And the next thing , as the electronics , it seems to take just a few decades .
The process goes down , I guess it 's the right word to tell you something that does its own rate of change .
The more changes , faster .
And I think that 's what we see in this explosion of the curve .
We see that the process goes down .
But I make me the life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that work for us would n't be possible without the human advances .
But now design objects that would be impossible for me to give me a computer way .
I do n't know that every transistor in that machine 's machine .
There are thousands of millions .
And instead of that , with <unk> designers , we think a level of abstraction , we put it into the machine and the machine with that makes something that before you ca n't , it gets a lot more far and faster than never before .
In fact , sometimes the methods of the methods that we do n't even understand well .
A particularly interesting method , that I 've been using it , is the evolution of the same .
We put within the machine a evolutionary process that is based on the scale of them .
And for instance , in the most extreme cases , we can create a program from a random sequence of a random sequence .
We say , `` For the computer , you can run a hundred billion sequences of instructions to random ?
Could you run out of these kind of instructions of instructions to random , and they would get all those programs , and take those who are going to do that we want to do ? ''
In other words , I knew what I want .
Let 's say that I want to see numbers , to put a simple example .
So , we found the programs that 's going to see numbers .
Of course , it 's a little bit likely to some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so any of them did it .
But one , luckily , he could see two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , you could take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task ?
It 's <unk> those and <unk> the rest .
And now you 're going to get the best of the other numbers .
And let 's go back to it , I put it up to a process of the object for sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , that <unk> children , who <unk> <unk> , and the children will make the properties of both programs .
So we 're going to get a new generation of computer programs that they had a little bit of success .
And we say , `` Please do the process . ''
It 's again again .
It 's a few mutations .
And it tries to get again , and it 's a new generation .
Well , every generation takes a few milliseconds .
So I can do the equivalent to millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
At the end , we ended up with programs that they 've got a absolutely perfect way .
In fact , they 're very much more efficient than I could have written to hand .
If I look at those programs I ca n't tell you how they work .
I 've tried to look at how they work .
They 're dark , strangers .
But they 're doing it .
In fact , I know , I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a bloodline of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did .
In fact , their lives of doing that .
Once I was in a headline with vision , and you get a card , and he says , `` Look at this .
It says , I mean , it 's hundreds of thousands of <unk> that they 're working together to offer a safe flight flight . Do n't you feel quiet ? ''
We know that the engineering processes do n't work very well when they 're very complicated .
And that 's why we started based on computers to make a different design processes .
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than that the normal engineering produce .
However , we do n't understand all the things that there is .
In that sense , it 's in front of us .
Now , we use those programs to make a lot more fast , and so we can be able to run these very much more quickly .
Or it is , it goes down .
The thing is increasingly fast , and that 's why I think it seems so cold .
Because all of these technologies come up .
We 're grown .
And we 're in a moment , we 're in a question of the organisms when they were infected .
We 're all around them , and we ca n't understand what the hell is creating .
We 're in the bottom point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very reasonable from our thinking that we are the end product of evolution .
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what it comes .
But now it comes to lunch , and I think that I stop here before I 'm going to get it .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that you need to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've got the enough time to allow me to give me to give me to give me to give me to give them a part of my false quest in that .
Before you try to try the subject of my talk , you talk a little baseball .
Why do n't it ?
We 're close to the end , it 's going to come up the World .
We love baseball , right ?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's why you 're going to go out , `` <unk> rules '' -- talk about the statistics , and it 's talking about the statistics , and it 's talking about the statistics , and it 's talking about the statistics .
I 'm going to focus on one of them and I hope many of you .
It 's called average .
And we 're talking about 300 , from a <unk> that we 've been 300 .
And that means that the <unk> will build , three of 10 times .
That means to launch the ball in the field of play without being stuck , and that anyone who would be able to get out to the first base , and the second base to be done .
Three attempts from 10 .
Do you know how to call it to a number of 300 in the <unk> shark ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of stars .
You know how to call a baseball attack of 400 ?
By the way , that 's somebody who 's 10 squared , they get four .
<unk> -- like the Holy Ted Williams , the last player of the <unk> <unk> in a regular season in a regular season .
Now , I 'm looking at this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or perhaps less uncomfortable , after what I can tell you today .
You imagine that they 've got together , and it 's a surgeon that has also a record of 400 in <unk> .
So it does n't work , right ?
Now suppose they live in a place , and a result , it 's two two arteries <unk> , and his family doctor has taken up to a therapist whose record in <unk> is about 200 .
But , you know something ?
She 's really better .
And their tea have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I ask you .
What do you think that you need to be the average of the heart of a heart , heart surgeon , from a nurse or a <unk> .
Two , very well .
And the truth of the issue is that no one in the medicine is that nobody of a good surgeon , from a doctor or a result .
What we do , though , it 's putting them to the world , and it 's going to get me , with the temptation of being perfect .
And that never , it would be a mistake , and you 're going to find how to do it well .
That was the message that I was at the message when I was in the medicine of medicine .
I was a bunch of <unk> .
Once , a mate in high school said that Brian months ago to a blood test .
Maybe that .
It 's in my small <unk> , in the University of nurses of Toronto of Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned all memory .
In my kind of anatomy , I 'm able to get the origin and the muscle work , the <unk> of every size that comes out of the <unk> , and the <unk> , and we do n't not act .
And even I even knew the savings diagnosis about how we take the <unk> <unk> .
And as much more more and more knowledge .
And I was very good ; I graduated with me .
And it 's <unk> from the school of medicine with the impression that if you 're doing everything , then it would know everything , or most possible , close to all , because so I 'm going to get it from the mistakes .
And it worked for a time , until I met the lady .
I was a fear in a college hospital here , in Toronto when they brought the lady to the emergency service where I was working .
At the moment , I was given up to the service service .
And when I was going to go back to a deer .
And I recognized the chief of residents .
When I saw the lady <unk> , I was <unk> .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I listened to a <unk> sound in both sides , what I 'm going to get it a little bit of heart heart .
In these conditions , the heart comes to work , and instead of the blood to go on , the blood is going to the lungs , the blood goes to the lungs , and that 's why there 's a difficulty for breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it , and I put it to work on the treatment that would give you .
He gave us and medication to raise the pressure in your heart .
And I gave them <unk> , pills pills , so that I could separate liquid .
And in a hour or two , she started feel better .
And I felt very well .
And there was when I made the first mistake , he sent her home .
In fact , I made two more mistakes .
He sent her home , without talking about the chief of residents .
I do n't get the phone , and I did what I should have done , which was going to call my boss and <unk> with him to see it .
And if my boss had seen it , it would have been able to bring up information .
Maybe I did for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident that we 're going to make constant care .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful , and they can take responsibilities , that could take care of my patients without even my boss .
The second error that made was worse .
And when you send her home , I did n't get attention to a voice in my front of my inside that I said , `` More , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so perhaps I asked the nurse that I asked the nurse that was going to say , `` You think that 's good if you 're going to your house ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said , I think I 'm going to be good . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So it was that he took the high , and the ambulance along with the time they took her home .
And I went back to the hospital .
The rest of that day , that evening , I had a bad bit on the stomach .
But I kept with my job .
At the end of the day , I 'll be able to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking , where I was my car to go home .
It happened by the emergency service service .
And there 's a nurse , not the one that it 's going to be like , but another . He said three words , those three words that most of the most of the emergency doctors .
Other specialists fear , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> and it 's that we see the <unk> patients .
The three words are , you remember you ?
`` You remember the patient who sent her home ? ''
I asked the other nurse with total .
`` Well , she went back . ''
She was fine .
But I went back and the edge of the death .
At the time of an hour of the time , after I was going to give her home , it was a crisis , and his family called <unk> , the other <unk> , and the time they brought up with a blood pressure in a blood pressure of <unk> , what it means a hard .
I was just thrilled , and it was blue .
The emergency staff is all their resources .
He gave us to turn up the blood pressure .
And they put it a artificial business .
I was able to fold it down to the spinal cord .
I had a kind of feelings , because after the <unk> was in real therapy , and I needed to expect the whole hope that you 're going on .
And in the two or three days , I was obvious that never <unk> .
I had a brain damage .
The family came together .
And in eight or nine days , it 's <unk> what was happening .
And at the last day , I left it . The lady <unk> , wife and grandmother .
They say that you 're never forget the names that they die .
That was my first experience .
The weeks of the next weeks , I did it , and I found it for the very first time , it 's in our medical culture , and I felt on the medical culture , and I felt like , there 's no feel that shame , because you ca n't run with your colleagues .
You do it , and never more making that error .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
And it 's a aesthetic shame that I 'm talking about is that it makes us feel very wrong .
It 's the thing that you 're doing that we did was wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't for my boss ; he was a job .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure that we get the things , and you know that I did n't get me .
And I did n't get out of those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why did he sent her home ?
And in my worst moments , why did I did a stupid mistake ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Shortly to a sense of a feeling was <unk> .
And I started feel better .
And in one day , he opened the sky , and then he looked at the sun , and I wondered if I would feel better again .
And I did a deal with myself , where if you 're doing the efforts to be perfect to be perfect to make more mistakes , would make it use those voices .
And so it was .
I started working .
But it went to happen .
Two years later , it was just sent up in the emergency department in a community in the northern hospital at northern Toronto , and I received a man in 25 years with a pain in the throat .
I was very busy .
And he came up here .
I looked at his throat , I was a little bit <unk> .
I went to penicillin , and he sent her home .
But as he turned out to the door , I did n't get his throat .
Two days later , when I came to do my heart change , my boss asked me to talk to me on your office .
And I took the three words : you remember you ?
Remember the patient who saw a pain on the throat ?
So he went back , and I had no <unk> <unk> .
I had a fatal condition called <unk> .
You can look at Google . It 's an infection , not about the throat , but it 's from the upper rate , and it can cause the day of those are .
He , fortunately , did n't happen .
It 's going to get antibiotics through it , it 's <unk> , and it took the few days .
And I went on the same period of shame and <unk> , then I went back , and I went back to working , until it happened and again , and again .
Two times in the same turn of emergency , they 're not <unk> .
And it 's a big effort , especially working in a hospital , because it 's going to be able to 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't get home , and I do n't think it 's been a meal .
One of them thought I had a small calculation .
It 's an X-ray X-ray , but it turned normal . A colleague that I was looking at the patient to get a certain sensitivity in the right-hand bottom of the right-hand bottom and called the surgeon .
The other patient was a lot of diarrhea .
And then I asked my colleague for <unk> , and I asked my colleague that it 's .
I turned it up , and you notice a certain sensitivity in the bottom of the right-hand bottom , called the surgeon .
They were doing it , and they 're going to be fine .
But every case , I 'm sleeping .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise and as many colleagues say , it 's a copy .
The most meaningful have been over the last five years .
Just , thank you .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't get it , and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the story that I say , how do you share this with my colleagues ?
How do you teach it to do this for the same mistakes ?
If I go back now to a place like this , I have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , in a party , you 're going to talk about the mistakes of other doctors , but you do n't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew , and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital , the wrong leg , believe me that I would have a difference in looking at your eyes .
This is the system we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system in which there are two positions : which we would make mistakes , and the ones that do n't -- that you ca n't sleep , and I know , that you 're not sleep , and the ones who have a lot of results .
And it 's almost like a spiritual reaction , as antibodies you start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if I moved from medicine to the people who make mistakes , we get a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years , about it 's about a <unk> and journalism journalism research , I 've made a personal study of bad music and medical mistakes , to learn how possible , from the first article that I wrote for vitamin Star to my program , `` <unk> , Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that the mistakes are .
We worked in a system where the mistakes do happen every day , where one of each 10 drugs <unk> in the hospital are wrong , or it 's not right .
In this country , they die , they die , they die , they die about 7,000 doctors .
The U.S. Institute of the United States built 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not <unk> the problem as we should .
And so they 're things .
It 's a <unk> system where the knowledge is doubling every two or three years , and we did n't get them .
The dream of sleep takes all of it .
And we ca n't get out of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a pain in the chest , and it comes up with <unk> eyes and with me to alcohol , and suddenly , in a sudden , my story is going to be <unk> .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things like it always .
And my patients are not cars . Do n't make their symptoms out of the same way .
It 's why the mistakes are breathing .
So if we take the system as we taught us , and we connect all the people who are likely to error , well , not no one .
And with it that people do n't want to talk about their most important cases ?
In my program , `` You 're white , black art , '' it 's a mean , `` This is my worst mistake . ''
And their students were <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> , and they started to tell their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
You can say , `` Look , do n't you get the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it .
They need a <unk> culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The substantial doctor is human , you know human , you know , and it 's not a bit of their mistakes , but it 's different by learning about it to teach others .
They make their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
We 're going to make the other people of other people , not with intent , but in a way you try and support it , and we support it for all of it .
And it works in a medical culture that knows that human beings get the system , and when this happens , it would be able to make mistakes again .
My name is Brian Reagan .
I 'm a substantial doctor .
I 'm human .
And I feel a lot , but I 'm going to learn to learn something that can convey others .
I do n't know what they think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take a day ?
Do you know how much we choose a week ?
I recently made a survey over 2,000 people , and the average amount of choices that he says to choose a half of the middle of the day .
It does n't do a lot , in a research research for a week of a group of companies .
The researchers captured the different tasks , <unk> by these executives , and the time that we 're going to make decisions about those tasks .
They found that , in average , <unk> jobs per week .
Now , you know , every job , many of them , many <unk> .
The half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
It 's only about 12 percent of a hour or more than their time .
Now , think about their choices .
Do you know how many of them comes to nine minutes , and how many of a hour ?
How do you turn the way to make those decisions ?
Today , I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of today : I choose to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to talk about .
I want to talk about the problem , and that 's about possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know their answers .
When I do a question , as I am blind , your hand just if you want to burn calories .
On the other way , when you do a question , if you do a question , if your answer is positive please give you a lot .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about about the problem of the problem of options ?
Thank you .
Now , I think of the University of Stanford University , <unk> this supermarket supermarket , and at least in that time was very sophisticated .
It 's called <unk> .
It was almost like to go to a apple park .
There were 250 different different classes , and millions , more than 500 different types of fruit and vegetables , and about 25 of the <unk> water , and this was when we had the water of the wheels .
I loved that shop , but in a occasion , I asked me , why do n't I buy anything ?
This is the tube of oil oil .
They had more than 75 different different classes , including the ones who were in box is that they 're going to get from trees .
One time I decided to visit the lunch , and I asked him , `` It 's good , this strategy to offer all these options ? ''
He got me to me me with me with me , they came up all the days , usually with their cameras .
We decided to make a small experiment with <unk> .
glacier .
They had different different classes .
You 're going to get it up to <unk> , right at the edge of the shop .
We put them out of six squared , or about 24 different perspectives , and we see two things : first , what people were willing to stop to stop the agreement ?
More people left when there was 24 , a 60 percent , that when I had only six , 40 percent .
We also look at what they were more likely to buy a calendar .
So here we find the opposite effect .
From the ones who were left when there was 24 , only three percent came to buy it .
From the ones that we had six , we saw that 30 percent bought it .
If we do the calculations , people have six times more likely to buy them if they found six .
Well , you decide that we do n't buy you probably , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , it 's a good thing to preserve the <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of the things we 're going to happen to make us well .
We decided to do n't decide , even when this does n't get it .
Now the issue of the day , the financial savings .
I 'm going to show you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> , where we see the decisions about savings for a million Americans around a million Americans , from a few Americans from this country .
We did n't see if the number of funds is available in savings plans , and the <unk> program , <unk> people save the future .
And we found that I really had a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that were from two , to 59 different options .
We found that the greatest was the number of funding , there were less participation .
So if we look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that they provide two funds , the rate of participation was 70 , or more , not as high as you like .
And in the plans that took about 60 funds , the rate of participation went into 60 .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when you have more options , even in that case , there 's a negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the greatest was the number of options , more people are going to avoid the actions or the investment of investment .
In terms of the most options , they were more willing to invest in the industrial river .
But any of these extreme decisions are the ones that we 're going to prevent the future financial policy .
In the 1950s , we 've seen three major negative consequences to offer the more and more possibilities .
The most likely is that we 're doing the decision , that the <unk> even when this is in against the own interest .
It 's more likely to take the worst decisions , in finance and health .
They 're more likely to choose things as well , although they 're going to be better .
The main reason is that we 've been able to look at that variety of <unk> , whether , and we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , and we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , <unk> and choose to choose that impressive .
Today , I want to show you four simple techniques that we 've got , in a way or another , in different research , so they can test in their business .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've never heard before , but it has never been more true than today , which is less .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
It 's how to lose space in the <unk> .
But actually what we 're looking at each time , is that if you choose to cut , to get to get out of these strange options , there will be a increase on sales , we would have a increase on sales , it 's going to be a better experience in the choice .
When I was <unk> , the country of 26 different different different different different different different types of <unk> , you saw a increase of 10 percent in sales .
Now , when the corporation would be able to find the products on the products that we 're going to call the products that we 're less sold , you 're going to get the flow in 25 percent , by two causes , the higher costs .
You know that it 's called it , in average , they provide 6,000 products .
In one of the cosmos , they 're giving about 100,000 products .
But the most big store in the world 's world is <unk> , and it shows only products , a kind of ridiculous sauce , you can .
In the world of the financial savings , I think one of the best examples that have come out about how to make the best things that 's the professor of David <unk> .
All of the age of Harvard , they 're going to automatically be automatically automatically .
They really want to choose , they 're giving them 20 funds , not 300 or more .
You know , people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees , `` Tell the differences that there are between those options .
And if their employees can not tell you , they ca n't make your clients . ''
This evening , before I started this session , I was busy with Gary .
He said , he said that I would be willing to offer people from this kind of vacation with all the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave you a few seconds to read , and then I want you to give you a little bit if you 're ready to take you , if you 're ready to take you .
( A few applause ) Okay .
Are n't you more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew that there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I 'm actually going to hear more hands .
Okay .
In fact , you had more information in the first round , that in the second , but I can get it and say that the second time was more real .
Because the images were doing it 's more real .
This brings me to the second technique to deal with the problem of a options .
And so that people understand the differences between options , they have to understand the consequences of every choice , and that the consequences should feel very cold , very , very , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , very
Why do people spend 15 percent to 30 percent more on average , when it uses a credit cards or credit , that when it uses effective ?
Because it does n't seem real money .
It turns out to do that you see more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to be more .
We made a studio with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , about <unk> <unk> , who worked in <unk> , these people were in a meeting where they were <unk> to a living plan .
At that meeting , that we 're doing exactly as it 's used , we did a small thing .
And what we found was that you 're going to get to the personal things that you think about the positive things that we 're going on in their lives if they save more money .
With this <unk> , there was a increase in 20 percent and a increase in the amount that they were interested in save or what they wanted to put in their savings savings , of four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can make more categories than options .
For instance , this is a study we did in a hall of magazines .
We 've seen that in the supermarket <unk> , it 's the long of the Philippines , the exhibition of magazines can contain out of <unk> different different different different different different different types .
But , you know ?
Because he tells me how to be true .
These are two <unk> of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think about the left is <unk> , and the right of the right-hand right-hand side is <unk> , give them a lot .
There 's some .
If you think about the left is <unk> , and the right of the right-hand right-hand side is <unk> , give them a lot .
Well , something else .
It turns out that 's right .
The left of the left is <unk> and the right of the right-hand right-hand side is <unk> . But , you know something ?
This is completely useless .
The categories must tell us something that you choose , not that the limits .
And often you see this problem with those huge lists of funds .
Did you tell who are it ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can make a lot more information that we think , if you just get a little bit .
We have to increase complexity .
I 'm going to show you a example of what I mean .
Let 's see a complicated decision , well , the buy of a car .
This is a German station that lets <unk> <unk> .
You have to take 60 decisions , to build the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of options that gives each other .
They 're the outside of the car , the outside of the car .
Because it 's the box of changes ; four options .
What I 'm going to do is change the order that we 're going to look like decisions .
So the half of the clients are going to go from a lot of options , artificial colors , a few , four boxes .
The other half of the clients are going to go back to a few options , four boxes , a lot of options .
And what am I going to look ?
What they 're in .
If you 're going to be the button for the cursor in the same time , this means that they 're like , or it 's : we 're losing it .
We found that you 're going to find that you 're going to be a lot of options to a few , we put the button for a <unk> and again , and another more .
We lose them .
If you 're a few options to many , they continue there .
The same information , the same number of options .
The only thing that I did was changing the order in which it comes to information .
If we start with easy , you learn to choose .
Although I choose the box of changes , it does n't say anything about the preferences of the grass inside , in all ways we 're going to choose to choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that we 're building with the process of the process .
To summarize it .
I 've been talking about four techniques to join the problem of options : <unk> , making strange alternatives ; <unk> , making it real , we can make more categories with less options .
All of these techniques that I 've been released , they were designed to help make alternatives , or better , for you , for you , to use them in their issues , or for people who they get .
It 's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being able to choose it .
And how much more enough we are in our best choices , we can use art art .
Thank you very much .
In the past years , in the Brazilian East Germany , if you had a writing machine , and I had a writing machine .
I had to break a sheet of example written with the machine .
And this for the government to track the texts .
If they found a written with the wrong message , you might track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think that somebody could do this , the very much thing that this is <unk> the freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer of any big framework , and it took a page , that page , that page , that page , that page , that page , that page , with a few white dots in every page that 's the one of one of us , and their printer .
That 's going on today .
And nobody seems like this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology in against us , the citizens .
And it 's one of the three major causes of problems in the network .
If you see what 's going on in the world in the line , we can bring the attacks on the attacks .
There 's three major groups .
They 're the cybercriminals .
It 's like Mr. <unk> <unk> from the city 's city .
The cell phone is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use them to make a lot of money , a lot of .
There 's really many cases in the line , it 's a lot of money with their attacks .
This is <unk> <unk> , <unk> .
So this is Alfred .
This is Stephen Cruzeiro .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Steven Anderson , <unk> <unk> etc. , etc .
These guys do their own online , but they 're doing it by illegal media , through <unk> , to steal money from our bank when we buy it on online , and you know , our key to get information from our cards when we buy in a computer computer .
The secret for the United States , two months ago , when you 've got two months ago , and then the U.S. account of this sir , Sam said , and this account , and this account I had <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
And he 's said , `` Oh , you know , `` Oh , you know it .
And I say , today , it 's more likely than any of us have a victim of a memory that of a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is wrong in worse .
In the future , most of the crimes will be online .
The second group in the importance that we see today is not driven by money .
There 's another thing that moves , they give them the protests , they give them the opinions , they learn the things .
It 's like Anonymous have been located in the last 12 months , a <unk> paper in the line online .
Those are the three secret , the criminals that they do for money , the <unk> as Anonymous that they do it , and the last group are the United States , the governments that you 're fighting .
And then we see cases as the <unk> .
That 's a good example of government against their own citizens .
It 's an <unk> authority of the Netherlands , or actually , it was it .
It 's the last fall the last fall because of a <unk> .
You know the security of the site and you get a <unk> .
Last week , I asked , in a meeting with the Dutch government , I asked one of the leaders if we were able to take the death of people to cause of the attack .
And the answer of it was yes .
So how do people use a attack of these ?
It 's a <unk> authority .
You know it .
So , what do you get the buttons ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , services <unk> <unk> , services as well .
Except that we 've got an foreign authority .
And they 're going to make it <unk> .
And in the case of <unk> happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the <unk> of the secret police officer in April 2011 and during the building of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Between those papers was called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there were notes of a company in Germany that had sold the ancient government tools to get a lot of the citizens of the citizens in the country .
They had sold this tool for 250,000 government to the old government .
The company is right here .
Or it 's , the Western governments will provide tools for the government governments to do this to their citizens .
But the Western governments are also doing this .
For instance , in Germany , just a couple weeks ago , I found the <unk> <unk> , a <unk> used by government government to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're <unk> in a real global case , it 's pretty obvious that your telephone is .
But today it goes beyond .
It 's going on the Internet .
We 're going to be able to use them like <unk> <unk> to make our computer with a <unk> to give them all the communication , and listen to the arguments in line , to get our data .
When we think about things like these obvious response should be `` Well , it seems something bad , but actually not me because I 'm a honest citizen .
Why about ?
I do n't have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument no sense .
It 's in play .
The privacy does n't be seen .
It 's not a question of privacy for security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If you could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right that we 're doing today , to be forever .
Would you become the food in any future government , in a management that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that we need to worry about the next 50 years .
Here 's where I live . I live in Kenya , in the southern Park of Nairobi .
These are the cows of my dad , the bottom , and behind the cows , the National Park of Nairobi .
The National Park of Nairobi has n't been desperate in the highest part of the south , which means that we were wild animals as the <unk> would be on the park .
And predators , as the lions , they 're still , and this is what they do .
We 're going to make our cattle .
This is one of the who killed the night , and so soon we put them up in the morning , and we found me , I felt very bad because it was the only thing we had .
My community , the <unk> , we believe that we came out of the sky with our animals , and all the land for <unk> , and so we create them so much .
So I grew up a lot of a lot of the lions .
They were the people who protect our community and cattle , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi .
I think about this as a few in the National Park of Nairobi .
A child in my community , of the six to nine years , it 's responsible of his father , and this was the same thing that I 'm going to happen to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought the lions gave them fear .
But I realized that I really did n't work , because they 're even going to see the lions to see the way of lions .
I 'm not giving me . It goes .
A second idea was using a <unk> .
I was trying to trick the lions so that I was close to it .
But the lions are very smart . They were the first day , and they saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they were , and the second day , and they said , this thing is not moving , it 's always here .
So one night I was walking around the elevator with a torch , and that day lions did n't come .
I found that lions have fear the light that moves .
So I had a idea .
And I got a switch to turn up and turn the lights .
And this is a little bit of a <unk> .
It 's all .
As you can see , the solar cell , the solar cell , and the battery <unk> electricity to the small box , and I call it a transformative .
And the <unk> box makes the lights .
As you can see , the <unk> give them out , because that 's where the lions come out .
And this is how you see it when they come back to night .
The <unk> lights , and they 're going to see the lions to think that I 'm walking for the cafeteria , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house , two years ago , and since then , we never went to having trouble with lions .
And the houses of the neighborhood changed the idea .
One of them is about this grandmother .
He had killed a lot of animals , the lions , and I asked it if he could put the lights .
I said it .
You can see the bottom , these are the lights to lions .
Since then , I 've been sitting in seven houses in my community , and they 're getting a lot .
And my idea it 's also used by all Kenya , to convey other predators as obsolete , and it 's also using it , and it 's also using it , and it 's also using it for the farms of farms .
Thank you to this invention , I had the fortune to get a block on one of the best schools in Kenya , and I 'm very excited .
My new school now is helping to raise funds and <unk> .
I even took my friends to my community and we put lights in the houses that do n't have , and I teach them how to put it .
So , one year , I was just a child in the <unk> of the octopus , <unk> the cows of my father , and I used to see airplanes fly , and I said that some day would be within one .
And here I am .
I took the opportunity to come on my airplane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is going to be an engineer engineer and pilot when it grows .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my language means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't think the exciting thing that 's hearing a story like you .
So you get a block . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electric inventions .
What 's the next thing on your list ?
So , my next invention is -- I want to do a electric close . CA : One about electric ?
<unk> : I know that they 've invented the electric rhythms , but I want to do the one .
CA : You 're going to do it once , right ?
We 're going to take them into each step that it would be , friend of mine .
Thank you very much .
When I was small , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up with a song called a song called `` No ! ''
And I felt very proud .
In school , we get all the time studying the story of Kim <unk> , but we 've never learned a lot of the rest of the world , except that America , South Korea , Japan are the enemies .
Although I was able to ask me about the rest of the world , I thought it 's all my life in Korea Korea , until everybody changed suddenly .
When I had seven years , I saw my own public performance .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor , and I had never been hungry .
But a day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter of my sister .
I said , `` When I 'm going to do this , the five members of the family will be able to be in this world , because we have n't sit on the two weeks .
We 're <unk> together in the floor , and our bodies are so weak , we 're ready to die . ''
I was very upset .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country .
By a little time , when I walked in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't write from my memory .
A woman without life was dead on the street , I put a <unk> child in their arms looking at the face of his mother without able to do anything .
No one of them , because they were very concerned about themselves and their families .
It 's a huge crowd of the North Korea in North Korea .
At the end , more than a million Korea died during the crowd , and just a few people to eat grass , insects and cortex .
They 're also made more and more important of the energy , all around me , all around me was completely the dark on the night except by the lights of the sea in China , just on the river from my house .
I always asked me why they had light and us .
This is a National camp of North Korea in the night compared to the neighbors .
This is the <unk> <unk> , that it 's going to limit in North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very expensive in certain points , allowing birth to cross .
But many people die .
Sometimes , see bodies floating in the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I went from Korea Korea , but I can just say that for the years of the crowd , I went to China to live with them .
But I just thought that it would be a lot of my family for short time .
I could never have imagined you would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman .
I had no idea how life would be like .
But soon I learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , but also dangerous , because the refugees saw in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear of that my identity outside , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destiny in North Korea .
A day , my worst nightmare became really , when I went down by the Chinese police , and it 's <unk> in the police station .
Someone had got me to be <unk> , then I put my skills in the Chinese language and they made a lot of questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to breathe .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to finish .
But I decided to control my emotions and he said the questions .
At the end of the mother , a mate said , `` This was a false report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And I left me . It was a miracle .
Some Carolina in China are looking at their asylum .
But many people can be arrested by the Chinese police and <unk> .
These women had a lot of luck .
Although the age had been released , they were able to consider after a very international pressure .
These ancestors did n't have so much lucky .
Every year , thousands of Asia are captured in China and <unk> Korea in North Korea , where they 're tortured , they 're tortured , they 're infected , and in the audience .
Although I was lucky to escape , many other Asia have n't had so much lucky .
It 's tragic that the ancestors have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
Even after we learn a new language , and find work , all its world can be located in a second .
It 's why , after 10 years to hide my identity , I 've decided to choose to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
It 's in South Korea was a much more challenge than I expected .
Your English was very important in South Korea , I had to start to learn my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We 're all born , but by within it , we 've got to be very different because of <unk> years .
They even went up a identity of identity .
I am <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? I am ?
Suddenly , there was no country that I could call me with pride of mine .
Although you get to life in South Korea , it was n't easy , I did a plan . I started studying for the test of income to the University .
Right when I went back to my new life , I received a call .
The North Korea authorities who sent my family , and , as punishment , my family was going to be solved to the force to a location in the outside .
They had to run away .
And so I started planning how to help you escape .
The ancestors have to travel long distances on the way to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between Korea and South Korea .
So , imagine , I took a flight flight , and it 's going into the border with Korea Korea .
Because my family could n't talk Chinese , I had to get them , in some way , for over three miles through China and then through Asia in Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and almost we went back several times .
One time , our bus was arrested , and we made it by a officer of the Chinese police .
I was going to take it all , and it started asking questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came up to my family , I put me on my family , and I said that they were the people , I said that it was true .
I looked at me , but fortunately I thought .
We did all the way to the border border .
But I had to spend almost all my money to prevent the <unk> guards in 1990 .
But even after we spend the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated to cross the border border .
After how to pay up and Portland , my family was released in a month .
But the time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of the 1950s .
This was one of the most low points in my life .
I did all of you to release my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison to short distance from the South Korea .
I went , and it came up with the dodo office and the police station , trying to release my family .
But it did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or rooms .
I lost hope .
At that time , or the voice of a question , `` What is the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a unknown would care .
With my own English , and with a dictionary , I explained the situation , and without doubt , the man was the <unk> , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two Carolina , and to take them from prison .
And I asked them with all my heart , and I asked it , `` Why do it help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping me . ''
`` I 'm helping the village . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The short unknown , a new hope for me and for the village , when we needed it , when we needed it , we needed it .
And I showed me that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the equivalent of hope that the village .
With the time , after our long journey , my family and I met in Korea Korea .
But to make their freedom is just half the battle .
A lot of Asia are separated from their families and when you take a new country , they start with a new country , they start with any money .
So , we can benefit from the international community with education , practice practice , practice practice , practice practice , and more .
We can also act like the bridge between people within Korea Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us , we continue in contact with family , still inside , and we bring information and money that is helping change Korea from the inside of the inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've got a lot of helps and inspiration in my life , so I want to help you give birth to an opportunity to turn into international support .
I 'm sure that you 're going to see more and more Asia in all the world , including the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South Center .
This is South Center : shops of <unk> , fast food , <unk> .
So the city of the city came together , and they thought , we 're going to change the name of South Center to represent something more , so they changed the South Los Angeles , like this is actually wrong in the city .
This is the South Los Angeles . It 's <unk> , fast food , <unk> .
At the same thing that we have millions of other Americans , alive in a food desert , Los Los Angeles Center , home , home from food places to bring and eat in the car .
The curious is that the places of food to bring them more people than food in the car .
People are dying of infectious diseases in Los Angeles Center .
For instance , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times more times more times more times more times more times more times , which is like 15 miles away .
I ca n't see that this happens .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you do n't have access to healthy food , and if every time they come out of home you see the effects that the food system has in their neighborhood ?
I can see the wheels of wheels , and they took them as cars .
I see millions of <unk> <unk> as cute .
And I think this must stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
The food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
In addition to us to make 45 minutes of the road and turn up to buy a apple that has no tumors .
What I did , it was plant a food forest in front of my house .
In a land of land that we call a blessing .
It 's about 45 me .
The point is , that it comes to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what it comes to it , because it 's my responsibility , and I have to get it . ''
So it was like I decided to get it .
And so my group , and I went up with <unk> <unk> , we put them together , and we started taking our food forest , trees <unk> , you know , the nine vegetables .
And what we do , we 're a kind of young group , they 're going to make it a lot of a group , for them from all the neighborhoods of all the neighborhoods , all the whole city and completely volunteer , and all we do it is free .
And the garden , I was beautiful .
And then somebody complained .
The city I was on on it , and in short , I gave me a little bit , saying that I had to take my garden , the <unk> has made a judicial order .
And I said , `` Come on , right ?
It 's a judicial order by plant food in a piece of land that no one matter ? '' So I was like , `` Well , I was like , `` Well , you know . ''
Because this time I was n't going to happen .
The Times Times had the story written by Steve <unk> , and I talked about the <unk> and one of the members of Green <unk> , that they put a request on <unk> , with 30 dollars , we went a success .
We had the victory in our hands .
My <unk> was even called to say , and you know what we were doing .
I mean , we 're going to say ?
Los Angeles is the city of the United States .
It has 68 miles of <unk> .
That 's going to 20 Central Central sulfide .
That 's a enough to plant <unk> million plants .
Why do n't you think about this ?
It 's a plant to give some thousand , 10 thousand seeds .
When a dollar dollar will give 75 dollars a result .
It 's my mother-in-law , when I tell people , you know , you know your own food .
You know your own food is like print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Center .
I grew up there . I grew up there .
I 'm going to be part of this reality thing that was <unk> for me for others , and I 'm going to understand my own reality .
You see , I 'm artist .
And we 're looking at it 's my graffiti , I find my art .
Maybe it 's a <unk> artist , that <unk> walls , I 'm going to make them land .
I use the garden , the land , as a piece of canvas , and the plants and trees and trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
It 's surprised to see what the land can do , if you leave it to be his canvas .
You just ca n't imagine how amazing it 's a shirt and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I 'm witness to how my garden became a education tool , of transformation of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of land .
We 're the land .
It 's surprised to see how they affects the kids .
You know , we 're the most prolific act and argue that they can do , especially in a <unk> .
In addition , you get surgery .
I remember a occasion , who came a occasion , and his daughter , they were like the morning of the night and they were in my garden , and they were in my garden , and they 're looking at it .
I 'm good , man , I felt wrong that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt shame to see people who was so close to me with hunger , and this is just how much the why I do this , people ask me , `` <unk> , do n't know that people are going to wash your food ? ''
I say , `` My God do n't , I do n't have fear that you 're going to breathe . ''
That 's the street .
That 's about this .
I want you to take them , but at her time , I want you to make your health . ''
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a shelter for <unk> in the center of Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , I 've got their stories about how it was affected , and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother , and it was amazing to see how it changed , so it was so for a moment .
So , you 've got to plant it , you 're going to plant you maybe 20 together .
We 've had , as a few 50 people who come , they 're working , they work , and they 're interested in , all of it .
If the kids they 're going to kill them , the kids will eat it .
If you 're getting tomatoes , you 'll get surgery , but if nothing of this is taught , if you do n't really teach how the food affects the mind and the body , they eat blind , what they put them in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing where they 're stuck . I see color color that are in this way designed for them , which is not the link to any side .
We see a opportunity where we can train these kids who are going to get out of their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe it 's the next George Washington Washington .
But if we do n't change the composition of land , we never do it .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant it all a block of <unk> , where people can share food in the same block .
I want to bring them back and turn them into healthy healthy .
It 's not wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because the free is not sustainable .
I 'm curious about sustainability , it 's that you have to get it .
And what I 'm talking about is to put people , we take the kids on the street , that you know the joy , the pride and the honor to grow their own food , opening markets from farmers .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want everybody to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
We have to change the script of what 's a <unk> .
If you 're not a primate , you 're not a <unk> .
What would you take them to take your pinnacle right ?
That 's the gun gun .
In sum , if you want to meet me , well , if you want to look at me , I do n't call it if you want to sit in a comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit -- to talk about doing some shit .
If you want to see you , you come back to the garden with the <unk> , so we can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
And it 's <unk> ) ( <unk> ) ''
It 's made of Ecuador , and you know , it 's a good material to drive , but not always , especially in days like today , that it 's pretty much .
You can have a big amount of water in the doorstep that it comes .
And especially if you go on your bicycle , and these cars go , that 's not very nice .
In addition , you can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , as in the Netherlands , as in the Netherlands , very close to the cities , we want to be a quiet road .
The solution for that is to make roads roads , and that 's the solution to make them roads .
So , <unk> , a material that we use now in the majority of the roads of the Netherlands , and it has <unk> and water can happen through it , so all the water comes into the sides and you 're going to be a road that 's easy to drive , and not <unk> water never .
The noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very data , all the white noise , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has disadvantages , of course , and the crux of this road is that you can get it .
What 's going to get it ? You see that in this road , the rocks of the surface are coming out .
First of all of a stone , then several more and more and more , etc. , and then , and then , and then -- well , I do n't do that . But you can be able to get it , but they can not be happy with that .
And finally , this can also take more and more damage .
Sometimes you can create yourself with that .
Ah . It 's ready .
<unk> , of course , you can turn in a problem , but we have a solution .
Here you can see how the damage comes in this material .
It 's a headline , as I said , so I said , so it 's just a small amount of <unk> between rocks .
Because of the <unk> , the light goes on , the <unk> , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and if you get a lot , you 're going to make it , and you 're going to separate them .
So if you drive on the road , you 're going to get them out of them -- as we saw here .
So to solve this problem , we think about <unk> materials .
If we can do this material , then you probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel from steel , from that to clean <unk> , and we can cut the steel of steel in a very small pieces , and we can combine those little pieces with the <unk> .
So , we have <unk> with small pieces of steel in the steel .
And then you need a machine , as you see here , that you 're looking here , that you 're used to cook -- a test machine .
You can heat , especially steel , it 's very good in that .
So what you need to do is heat the steel , you know the <unk> , the <unk> of these <unk> , and the rocks are going to get them back to the surface .
Today , I used an oven oven , because I ca n't bring the great machine 's machine here .
The oven is a similar system .
I put the sample , I 'm going to take you to see what happened .
This is the sample that goes now .
I said that we have this industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We put a lot of samples there , and then the government , you really saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So we put up a piece of road , 400 feet of the freeway <unk> , where we had to do a trial of trial to test this material .
So that was what we did there . You see where we were doing the test in the road , and then , of course , this road last last several years without any harm . That 's what we know about practice .
And we take a lot of samples of this road and we tested in the lab .
We made a lot of the samples , we put a lot of charge in them , which is then to make it with our intellect machine and the location , and we went to test .
We can recognize this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can say that we 've made a material using steel , compared to these fibers , using the energy energy , using the energy energy , in reality , increase the life of the road , you can save a lot of money with the surface .
And now , of course , you have curious of if this also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
In fact , it 's got to cool first before you can show you how to show it .
But I 'm going to do a attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 , I remember , I remember , I remember a morning with the <unk> sound in my house .
My father was hearing News News in his small radio radio .
I had a great smile in his face that was unusual in those time , because the news often <unk> it .
`` The Taliban were . ''
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see that my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school . ''
A morning I never forget .
One school .
You see , I had six years ago when the Taliban were <unk> in Afghanistan and they made illegal than girls were to school .
On the next five years , I 'm going to get it as a child to <unk> my sister , that I could n't be used to be used , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way that we were two , we were the only way that we were two .
Every day , we had a different route for no one , you might recognize where we were .
We had to hide the books in the market , so that it seems like we were eating .
The school was in a house , more than 100 of us , in a small room .
It was nice in the winter , but it 's extremely cold in summer .
All we knew that our lives -- the teacher , the students and our parents .
In time when , the school was seen a week , because the Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew about them .
We were following them ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but even the school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters .
My grandfather was a extraordinary man for his time .
It 's a total bit of a <unk> province of Afghanistan , and you know , my daughter , my mother , was to school and why his father 's <unk> .
But my mother came back .
This is it .
It 's got two years ago , just to turn our home in school for girls and women 's women .
And my father , this is , it was the first of all his family in being education .
There 's no doubt that their kids had to get education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For it , there was a higher risk in not to educate their children .
For the years of the Taliban , I remember that there were moments where I was very frustrated for our life and I was always scared , and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to give you , but my father was saying , `` <unk> , daughter , you can lose everything that you have in life .
You can download your money . You can take your house for a war .
But there 's one thing that you 're always going to be with you , what 's here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So , you still want to do n't go ? ''
I have 22 years ago .
I grew up in a country that 's been destroyed for decades of war .
Less than six percent of women 's women have more than the school , and if my family did n't have been so engaged with my education , I would be one of them .
In change , I find up here , I 'm born here I 'm born here , so I find out here I 'm born here .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , which was <unk> from her home by the courage to educate their daughters , it was one of the first in order .
He did n't just get out of my college title , but also that I was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , who I 've got to focus on the streets of Kabul .
My family thinks in me .
I had a big dream , but my family has even larger dreams .
It 's why I am the global Institute of <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
It 's why I mean , the first and perhaps the only school school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it 's still normal for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is that I see the students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity .
And I see their parents and their families , and their families who , as the mine , <unk> by them , despite it , despite it .
As it 's . It 's not its real name , and I ca n't show you your face , but it 's the father of one of my students .
Less than a month , he 's a month , and his daughter were on the way from <unk> to her village , and literally , they were literally able to be killed by a bomb on the way , for minutes .
And when you get to her house , it 's the telephone , a voice , that if I kept sending their daughter to school , and it 's going to try .
`` <unk> , if you want , '' he said , `` But I do n't get the future of my daughter for their old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've been given to Afghanistan , and it 's something that 's often often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of those who <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and you see that the success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have n't been key to our success .
In fact , often are the first <unk> of the brilliant future of their daughters , but in the context of a society as the from Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
In the Taliban , the girls who were in school , they get hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America .
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes .
I 'm afraid that these changes do n't find a lot of , after the United States of the United States .
But when you go back to Afghanistan , when I see the students in my school , and the parents that <unk> by them , that the <unk> , I see a <unk> future , and a durable change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities , and every day the girls of <unk> me .
Like me , they dream on big .
Thank you .
No , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in Lebanon : `` <unk> , and they 've got them together .
But you 're never going to give you a rubber style . ''
They 've been almost two years since that the revolution was going to be able to get up with the <unk> revolution , so much of the <unk> revolution as the <unk> .
A forces with a lot of other citizens <unk> , within the country to call a day , and start a day to call a day , and you start a revolution against the regime .
And we did it ; it was a great revolution .
Women and young men were in the middle of the regime , they put the every fall of the regime , and they 're going to get out of freedom , dignity and social justice .
They 've shown a <unk> courage to bring the brutal dictatorship .
They 've shown a great sense of <unk> from the Middle East , until the West , until the south .
And finally , after a period of six months of brutal war , and some of about 50 billion people , we 've got to release our country , and we think about it .
However , Gaddafi left a smartphone , a legacy of legitimacy , corruption and seeds of changing .
And for four decades , the regime of Ecuador destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of society .
Unlike the roots and the challenges , I 've wanted to , with a lot of other women , we rebuild civil society , we can bring an mechanical society , and it 's going to be able to democracy and space .
It 's been able to discuss 200 organizations in <unk> during it , and immediately after the fall of Ecuador .
After a period of 33 years of postcards , I went to Libya and with a single enthusiasm , I started to organize workshops about development development , and leadership abilities .
With a amazing group of women , we started all of women , we were able to send them through the Peace , a movement of women , leaders , of very diverse , to defend by the <unk> of the wife , and by our health participation in the building of democracy and peace .
I found it with a very hard environment in the period of <unk> , a environment that was every time more <unk> , which is <unk> from the selfish policy of it and versa .
With the time , our initiative was obese and successful .
Women won a percent of the National Congress in the first election in 52 years .
However , some of the choices and the revolution like a whole , they were disappearing ; every day we were going to be disappearing .
It 's a day , you know , with the news of the former Women 's news , and we 've been located .
Another day , <unk> with the news of the American transformation and the attack <unk> .
Another day , you know , with the news of the army of the army of the army .
And every day , every day , every day , with the government 's government , and they 're able to support the human rights of the human rights and its lack of the law .
Our society , he made by a revolutionary project , and it 's got more , and it 's taken from the ideals and the principles of freedom and the principles of freedom , dignity , that we had the beginning .
And it became <unk> , and they became the recipe of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here at all for us to bring them with our story of the success of the success of the success of the `` list of the <unk> . ''
And I 'm here today to tell us that us , as the nation , we choose bad , we take the wrong choice .
We do n't think .
Because the election did n't sell peace , stability and security .
The list of the <unk> and the <unk> between candidates , and they gave them to get peace and planning ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why do we our society are going to be located , and it 's the villagers with selfish policies of defense and versa , so for men like women ?
Maybe what I had was not just women , but the values of compassion , Y and affordable .
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation more than the choices , which I needed the choices , which is just going to get it and the division .
Our nation need to make the most likely to be the most that we need to have the <unk> of it , and it turns out of it .
We need to leave you to act like agents , and we 're going to call them out of anger .
We need to start to act like agents of compassion and it .
We have to develop a female speech , which is not just <unk> , but it 's also going to put it into it , it 's also going to put it in it , it 's also going to put it in it , instead of MoMA , the collaboration instead of the competition .
And these are the ideals that an Libya , it 's an Libya , they need to connect with the end of peace .
Because the peace has a few people who comes to the hippocampus and the <unk> between the women and the men .
That 's the real thing .
We need to create that in a existential way before it 's doing it .
All right with a <unk> of the Koran , `` You know , `` It 's the word of God 's word , and it 's <unk> , it 's compassionate . ''
At the time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the <unk> traditions , it has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- like the word `` <unk> , '' and it 's going to be able to be able to be able to do the humanity that men and women , that all the people have been able to
And so , the same thing that the uterus goes completely the embryo , that it grows inside , the infinite matrix of compassion is all the existence .
And so you say , `` My copy of all things . ''
And so you say , `` My mouse is about my anger . ''
You 're all going to get them to get them on it .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to tell you about a literal question , which has a equally literal response .
It 's about the secrets of the domestic violence , and the question that I 'm going to address is the thing that you do n't always do , why do it go ?
Why would you get somebody to stay with a man who goes ?
I 'm not psychiatrist , no social media , no expert in the family violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I had 22 years ago . I just had been 22 .
I had moved to New York and my first job as a writer and editor in the magazine magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first <unk> green , and I had a very big secret .
My secret was a lot of times , a lot of times , the man , that I created my Muslim soul , I put up to the head with a gun , <unk> with <unk> .
The man , which I loved more than nobody in this world , put a gun in my head and <unk> with me more times that I can remember .
I 'm here for you to tell you the story of `` crazy love '' , a psychological club , love of love , where they fall every year million women , and even some men .
I could be his story .
I do n't look at a lot of a single bit of the domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> in English University , and I 've got a MBA in <unk> of the <unk> University .
I 've been the most part of my career , working for companies in the list , `` A 500 '' and between them Johnson , and between them Johnson , with Johnson , and the Washington station .
I 've been almost 20 years ago with my second husband , and we have three kids .
My dog is a black hand , and I put a <unk> <unk> .
So my first message for you is that violence can be able to happen to anyone , all the religions , all the religions , all the levels of income and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that you all think that violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and social abuse is just going on , and it 's a lot of a long duration or a long duration or , I said , in the families , the last place where we want , or we 'd even want to find out violence , which is why the domestic abuse is so primitive .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be been with a man who would go on , and I actually went a very typical victim , because of my age .
I had 22 years old , and in the United States , the women 's women , and 24 years of age , they have three times more chances to be victims of being victims of women from the other age of other age , and more than 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year .
I also was a typical victim , because I did n't know anything about the family violence , their warning signals or their patterns .
I met <unk> in a cold , and I met January night .
I was sitting at my side in the New York City and started with me .
He said two things .
The first was that he also had just just just just a <unk> college , and I worked in a very important bank bank Street .
But what 's more concerned about that first encounter was that it was ready and fun , and it seemed like a field of the field .
I had a few big thing like apples , and a <unk> hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the most smart things that made <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did it about all the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the <unk> .
We 're going to go out , and I loved all of me , which was list , that I had gone to Harvard , who had passion to help girls , and my job .
I wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my childhood and illusions .
He believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , as nobody had done .
And it was why that 's why I was on that Jewish school and the work on Wall Street and their brilliant future had so much important for it .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of the family violence , it 's <unk> and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing that I wanted to do was to go out of the York , and let the work of my dreams , but I thought that I had to do for your partner , so I thought I had to do for your partner , so I said , I stopped my job and <unk> and I went together .
I did n't have no idea that I was <unk> in a `` crazy love , '' that I was coming back to the head in a physical and financial psychological and exquisite psychological .
The next step in the body 's pattern is giving the threat of violence to see how to react it .
And here 's where they go on the scene in the scene .
In the way we moved to New England , you know , that site where you 're supposed to do that we had to feel so sure you had three guns .
One of the age of the car .
Again , it 's underneath the slides underneath our bed and the third always in your pocket .
And it was saying that I needed those <unk> to the trauma that lived in small .
I needed to feel safe .
But those <unk> actually were a message for me , and though I had never got me up my hand , my life was really serious , every minute of every day .
The first physical attack came up five days before our wedding .
They were the seven of the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 fall of my neck had disappeared , and I put me on my mother , and I married with him .
Despite what I had happened , I was sure that we lived happy to always , because I loved it , because I loved it and he wanted me a lot .
And I was very , very excited .
I just had a sense of the wedding , and by the fact of the fact that a family is with me .
It had been a isolated accident , and I never do it .
I spent two times more in our honey moon .
The first time I was driving to a secret beach , and I lost it , and he gave me so strong in the head that I 'm going to take several times against the car .
And then , a couple of days later , let 's go back from our honey moon , <unk> by traffic and sent me a Big Mac , the face .
It did n't take them a or two times a week for the next two years and a half years of our marriage .
I thought it was the only in this situation .
One of every three American women is victim of domestic violence , or based on some point of their life , and the <unk> Center is that every year 15 million kids are arrested , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
I go back to my question , why do I sit ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know that he was about me .
At the contrary , I was a very strong woman , in a very strong man , and it was the only person in the world that I could help <unk> to make their hell .
The other question that all the world does is , why do it just not go ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have gone at any time .
For me , this is the most sad question , and it makes people , because of us , the victims , we know something that usually you do n't .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is ready .
More than 70 percent of the arousal in cases of women in addition to happen after the victim has gotten a end to the relationship , after you get , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other factors include the permanent lens , even after the <unk> has come back , and it 's a lot of financial resources , and it depended on the judicial system , and it 's dependent on the judicial system of the family system for <unk> to the victim and their kids , who usually are forced to the judges to happen .
And we still continue to wonder why it 's just not going ?
I was able to go to me , the cause of a last <unk> , and I got my denial .
I realized that the man who loved so much , I would have killed if they had it .
So I took the silence .
I told you all the world , the police , my neighbors , my neighbors , my friends and family , and I 'm here today because all of you all .
We have the tendency to get the victims as the victims as well , women , women <unk> .
The question , `` Why are you ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say , `` Well , it 's a way to stay , '' as if the victims of the victims and the victims of the men , and they want to play it .
But since I published `` <unk> love '' , I 've heard about four stories of men and women who also assumed , that we learned a <unk> lesson of what I happened , and that we 're going to make their life lives of the country , and they 're going to make their life lives and happy , and they 're going to be completely free from violence
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim , and a lot of a very typical human violence .
I went back to me with a brilliant man and short man , and we have those three kids .
I have the black hand and also that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to be never going to have never even more , it 's a little bit called <unk> to my head in hands of somebody who says to me .
In this moment , they 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , what stupid was ! ''
I can tell you that there 's a few people , that you 're hearing right now , that they 're being known or that they were like , and they were a little bit of them , or they were on them .
He could be affecting her daughter , to his sister , to her best friends right now .
I was able to end up to my crazy love , it 's a particular love .
And I keep doing this .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Tell me about what you 've heard here .
It 's not just in silence .
They have the power to end with the domestic violence just becoming light on it .
The victims we need all the world .
We need that every one of you understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Let 's give you the way to the light , talking about it with their children , their friends of work , their friends and family .
It 's going to get their vision of the power as a fantastic people , and they have a whole future .
And we 're going to get them out of the violence of violence to keep it out , and to slow out their climb and show the victims of the victims .
Together , we can turn our beds , our tables and our families and our families in the safe and it should be .
Thank you .
Hello . I call me Russell , and from a time , I 'm model .
To be accurate , since 10 years ago .
And I 'm sorry that in this moment , there 's a uncomfortable tension in the room because it should n't have a dress like this . Luckily , I 've brought me clothes to turn it .
This is the first shift of clothes in a TED stage , so you have a lot of luck , I think .
If some of the women are <unk> when I came up , you do n't have to go now , but what we find on Twitter .
I also want to point that I have the privilege of power to change what they think about me in so 10 seconds .
All the world has that opportunity .
And these heel are very uncomfortable , less bad that I do n't have to use it .
The worst part of it is going to happen , because it 's when you 're going to happen to me , so you do n't do anything like me .
Okay .
Why did this do this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope that 's not so much like this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but it 's also extreme .
I 've changed the whole thing that they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a teacher in real life .
I was completely uncomfortable , and the photographer was saying that I put the back and that <unk> the hair .
Of course , except with surgery or a artificial <unk> , as I did two days to work , there 's very little that we can do to turn our aspect , which , though , and the biosphere , it has a great impact in our lives .
So today , for me , to be ugly means to be honest .
I 'm in this stage because I am model .
Because I 'm a nice woman and white , and in my daily sector , that 's being a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people do always get me , but it 's how much .
The first question is , how do it happen to be model ?
And I always say , a <unk> , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I did model is because he won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the <unk> of a heritage , and maybe you 're asking you what this heritage is .
Well , in the last centuries , we 're not just defined the beauty as health , elderly , and symmetry , which we 're supposed to be supposed to slow up , and we also have the way you 're associated with a high and <unk> skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've known to make money .
And I know that there are people in the audience that now shows them up , and maybe there 's a couple of the fashion , you say , remember , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know .
In the first place , the <unk> of knowing as many models . It 's amazing .
But I certainly have to tell you that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student in the University of New York told all , and every one of the models of the models of the other York , and the <unk> models , just 27 , it 's less than four percent , they were n't white .
The next question that people do always do is : I 'm going to be a model when it 's more ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know , not about that .
But then , what I would actually say every one of these girls is : why ? You can be what you want .
You can be <unk> from the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> <unk> and poet , which would be impressive , because you 're the first thing .
If you look at this spectacular list , it 's still doing it , no , no , Eric , I want to be model , then I say , I know my hand .
Because I 'm not going to charge of anything , and you could be the chief of the <unk> magazine , or the director of a H H & M , or the next Steven Steven .
They 're going to think about you want to be model is like to say that you want to win the lottery when you 're the greater .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model , because , in the difference of surgery , you can recognize it right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've got your studies , and you 've got a tool and a few jobs to your hand , you do n't matter what you say , is say , if you think you want to think that you want to be <unk> from the United States , but you 're able to tell you that you want to be <unk> from the United States ,
The next question that people do always do is if all the photos are going on .
And I know , it 's basically <unk> all the photos , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture that they took me , and also the first time I used a lot , and I did n't even had my period .
I know that we 're coming into the personal ground , but it was a child .
So I 've got my grandmother a few months before .
These two photos are the same day .
My friend came to me .
So here I am in a few days before the photos for the French <unk> .
Here I am with my football team and in the magazine magazine .
And this is I know .
And I hope you can realize that I 'm not me in those photos .
And they 're a few professionals from a professional group , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> people , and they can create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people do always care about it is : Do you get free things ?
I have a lot of $ 20 inches , and I never use , except the couple before , but the privilege that I get to get in the real life , and that we do n't like to talk about .
I grew up in Cambridge , and once I went to a shop , and I forgot to get money , and they gave me the dress of free .
When I was a teenager , I was inspired with my friend who was a bad bit , it 's put a light in red and , of course , it took up , and you know , and you 've got a sorry , and I 'm going to get it a feel , agent .
I 'm trying to talk about these privilege for my aspect , not why I am , and there are people who are paying a price for their aspect , without matter who are .
I live in New York , and last year , the year of the teenagers who are sitting with it , and he took them , 85 percent were black and dying , and most of them were young men .
And there are only <unk> young black young people , and they did in New York , so that for them , it 's not a question of me ?
But how many times I do ?
When we looked at this talk , I learned that to the square percent of the girls of 13 years in the United States do n't like their body , and that 's the number of the percent percent to the 17 .
So , the last question that people do is , how is the life of a model ?
And I think the answer that you expect is : if you 're a little bit more thin , and you have the most bright hair , you 're going to be very happy and happy .
And behind the cameras , we give a answer that maybe it looks like it .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also amazing power to work with creative people , excellent and passionate .
And all of that is true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , what I 've never told me in front of them , it 's : I 've never told them .
And I 'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day .
And if you think you 're going to ask you , with some more parallel legs and the more bright hair , will be happier ?
They only have to meet a group of models , because they have the most stupid legs , the most bright hair and the clothes more to the fashion , but probably are the women , it would be more likely on the planet .
But about all it was hard to look at a situation of discrimination and gender , when I am one of the biggest <unk> .
If there 's something that 's going to get out of this talk , I hope you 're all more comfortable to recognize the power of the image of the image that we have success and failure .
Thank you .
The picture has been my passion since it was enough to put a camera , but today , I want to share with you my 15 photos , and I did n't have to share with you my 15 photos .
There was not the core of the law , and you 're not <unk> , no opportunity to recreate the photos , and even a very much care of it .
In fact , most of them came to random .
My story starts when , `` I was in the city of New York City to give a talk , my wife told me , my wife told me this picture I put my daughter in the day of his first birthday , that 's the corner of Islam and five .
He took the chance that we went to New York just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what 's now .
When the third birthday of my daughter , my wife told me , `` Why do n't you take you to take them to <unk> in New York in a <unk> journey , and you get the ritual ?
Here 's when we start to ask the goggles that we 're going to call the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of giving the camera to a complete unknown .
No one has no one , and fortunately , no one has <unk> with the camera .
So , we were n't aware of how much we would change this journey .
It became a sacred for us .
This picture is about a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain my daughter , what I had occurred to that day that a child girl , I could understand it .
These pictures are much more than sensitive from a concrete moment or a specific journey .
They 're also a way to stop the time in a week of October , and we got to think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not just the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because though , though , though , we 've always put the same picture , our daughter changes , my daughter 's new daughter , and I can see life through their eyes and how you 're doing it and interact with everything .
That time in concrete , we 're going together , it 's something that we hope with illusion all the year .
Recently , in one of the travel , we were walking , when suddenly a sudden , when suddenly a sudden , he stopped a <unk> , and you 've got a little bit of the <unk> , and you 've got a red <unk> .
And I described what I had sense to the five years in that same place .
You know , you know , you know , you know , you 've got the heart <unk> to see that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what you look at in New York are universities , because it 's used to study in New York .
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we create is memories .
So , I want to share the idea of participate in creating aware of memories .
I do n't know , but besides these 15 photos , I do n't start in many of the family photos .
I 'm always the thing you get the picture .
Today , I want to go back to all of the picture in the picture , and they did n't get them into somebody and ask somebody , and ask them , you get a picture ?
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species in the world .
They 're in the front of birds , they find it in the nearest birds .
First , why do they have so bad press ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughs , like characters , stupid , stupid .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , and you 've been looking at it , thank you , and <unk> these are the attributes that we 're working with the Philippines , but I do n't know it .
Do n't you know what ?
Because the members of Parliament are not clean the environment , the <unk> do n't help prevent the spread of diseases .
They 're going to get them away . They 're far away . And my favorite , the <unk> have better presence . There are two kinds of <unk> on this planet .
There 's the front of the New World , which are mainly in the United States , like <unk> and <unk> , and the <unk> of the World Force , where we have 16 species .
So , why are you going to be important ? First of them , they provide the world , they provide vital , <unk> .
It 's our salary of natural trash .
They 're going to get the sides to the bone .
They 're going to kill all the bacteria . They 're going to absorb them , that it 's not for them , and it would cause big losses of cattle and diseases in other animals .
In recent studies have shown that in areas where there are there , the people take from three to four times , and this has huge <unk> in the spread of diseases .
They also have huge historical importance .
They 've been with the ancient culture of the old culture .
It was the symbol of the agency and the wrong and , with the thermostat , <unk> the unit between the State and the Egypt in Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the <unk> god , and he was crying their life to save the <unk> of the <unk> of 10 heads .
In the culture of <unk> , they 're doing a very important thing , and in places like Tibet , there 's no place to take the dead , or wood for <unk> , so that these <unk> provide a global natural system .
What is the problem with the hand ?
We have eight species in Kenya in Kenya , which six people are in extreme itself .
The reason is that they 're being quiet , and the reason that they 're being considered is because there are conflict between humans and wildlife . The <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a consequence , the course are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India , and Pakistan , four species of <unk> are in the critical list of extinction , which means that at least 10 or 15 years ago , and the reason it 's because they fall out of <unk> consumption that has been tried with a <unk> drug .
This drug has been able to use me in India , and they 've taken a position .
Because there 's no bit of them , there 's been a spread on the number of dogs , and when you have dogs , and when you have dogs , it 's got a huge bomb of time for me , the number of cases of my own cases has been located in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the highest parks in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be the top of the office lake .
I 'm not against energy energy , but we have to work with governments , because the wind will be doing this to the birds .
They 're <unk> .
In West Africa , there 's a horrible form of the dead <unk> to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what 's doing ? Well , we 're looking at these birds . We 're looking at these birds .
We 're trying to determine their basic ecology , and see where it goes .
We can see that you 're going to see the different countries , so to focus on a local problem , it 's not going to serve anything .
We have to work with governments in the health levels .
We 're working with the local communities .
We 're talking about them about them , about the <unk> , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services they provide .
How can you help ? It can be active , making noise , you can write a letter to their government and tell you , we have to focus on these very <unk> creatures , and you tell you to focus on these very <unk> creatures .
When you go out of this room , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know about your families , but talk to their families , with their kids , with their neighbors on the <unk> .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that changed , because he saw them fly without effort , without cost of energy in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , to be much more poor without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every thing I 'm going to do , and all I 'm going to tell you -- my life -- it 's been taken by seven years of work for my father in Africa .
From 1971 , until they 're young , but I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Brazil , Brazil and Somalia , in research of technical cooperation with African countries .
I was working for a <unk> deaf , and every project that we set in Africa .
And I was upset .
I thought , at the 21 , that we were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
And instead of that , everything we 're doing it .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of the <unk> , '' was a project where we decided to teach people , we decided to teach people to grow food .
So , we have to get to the Southern seeds of Zambia to this absolutely wonderful book that goes down to the <unk> River , and we teach the local and we teach the local surgery to grow and <unk> , and ...
Of course , people were n't at all interested in doing that , so they 're going to get them to work to work , and some times , they 're not eating them . We were assuming the local people , in so cold , they did n't have agriculture .
However , instead of asking ourselves how it was possible , we just said , `` Thank you .
And of course , it 's all in sub-Saharan Africa .
We 've got these <unk> <unk> . In Italy , a license would grow this size , in Zambia , to this size .
And we could n't believe , we were saying , we were saying to the <unk> , `` Look how easy is agriculture . ''
When the tomatoes were quiet , and the red and red , from the night at the night , about 200 <unk> <unk> from the river and they got all , and we said , `` My God , <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , that we do n't have agriculture here , '' `` Why did n't you say ? ''
I thought that we 're just just giving them to build mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what they did the Americans , what they did the French , what they did the French , and then you see what they were doing , I felt quite proud of our project in Zambia .
Because as you see , at least we feed the <unk> .
You 're going to see the waste -- you 're going to see the waste that we give them to <unk> people in Africa .
It 's going to read a book , he read , `` It 's called <unk> '' from <unk> <unk> .
The book was published in 2009 .
We 've been able to be Western donors , we 've been given to the African continent two billion dollars in the last 50 years .
I do n't tell you about the damage that that money has led .
You just read his book .
It 's a part of a African woman , the damage we 've done .
The Western , we are earthquakes , and we try to get the people in the people , and we treat people just about two ways , or we are <unk> .
The two words came out of the wildlife , `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , they 're two different things .
<unk> , I 'm going to do any of a different culture as if they were my kids , `` I want you a lot . ''
<unk> , I 'm trying to all of a different culture as if they were my heel .
So white people in Africa are called `` <unk> . ''
That book gave me a little bit on the face , `` The small is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said about all of economic development , who he said about all of economic development , if people do n't want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
This is the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is respect .
This morning , the sir that he opened this conference put up in the floor , and he said , we can -- you can imagine a city that do n't be <unk> ? ''
I decided to respond to the 27 years to just respond to people , and he invented a system called <unk> <unk> , where you 're never hearing , you 've never got no one , but it turns out in a show of the local passion , the Internet of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person .
So what do you do ? It 's <unk> .
You ca n't get to a community with a idea , and you sit with people from the people .
We do n't work from offices .
We went back in a coffee . We went together in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what we do ? We become friends , and we found what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give you a idea to somebody .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do you ?
The passion that she has to their own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that this man has to their own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then , we help find the knowledge , because nobody in the world can be successful .
The person with the idea can not have the knowledge , but the knowledge is available .
So , and years , I had this idea , `` Why do n't we do n't , once instead of the way you get to a community to tell people what to do , why do n't , for once , you know , you know , we 're not in the community .
I 'll tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never , and they would never say , in a public meeting , what you want to do with their own money , what opportunity they 've identified .
So planning has this blind point .
Now , the most smart people of their community , you do n't even know it , because they do n't even get to their public meetings .
What do we do ? We worked one , and we 're working face , you have to create an social infrastructure , which is no .
You must create a new profession .
The profession is the profession of the company , the medical doctor of the business , which is organized with you in his house , in the table of his kitchen , in the table of his kitchen , in the coffee table , and that helps to find the resources to turn their passion in a form of life .
I started this as a test in <unk> , city of Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to get out of this ethical garbage in which we 're going to tell you what to do .
In a year , I had 27 projects in the march , and the government came to see , `` How can you do that ? ''
How can you do it ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very hard .
I went on , and I heard the government says , `` Come again , '' and we 've been done in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped 40 business .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the most brilliant systematic sentences of history , passed to the 96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a philosophy professor before they get in the business , and this is what Peter <unk> : `` The planning is actually connected with a society and a artificial company . ''
The planning is the kiss of the death of the business spirit .
So now I 'm going to make it multiple partners without knowing what the most <unk> people want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn to get these people to get these people to get to talk with you .
You have to give you to offer you , privacy , it has to be fantastic to help , and then <unk> , they 're going to get in mass .
In a community of 10 people , we have 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400 people , intelligence and passion ?
What 's the time you 've got to get over this morning ?
They 're very excited . That 's what you 've got <unk> .
So what I tell you is that the scientific spirit is where the entrepreneur 's .
We 're at the end of the first industrial Revolution , we 're at the end of the first industrial Revolution , and we 're at a moment to the other , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
And the <unk> as a way to support it is not sustainable .
And what we have to consider , it 's how <unk> , which is how <unk> , we 're doing , we 're doing it , we get to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There 's no technologies to do it .
Who 's going to invent the technology for the green revolution ?
The government ? Forget !
They 're getting entrepreneurs and they 're doing now .
There 's a lovely story that I put in a magazine magazine a lot of years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to discuss the future of the New York City in the year .
And in the last year , they put this group of people , and it 's <unk> about what 's going to happen to the city of New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City did n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because we looked at the line , and you know , if the population is going to grow up to this rate , to bring up to the village of New York City , and it 's going to bring them six million horses , and the manure produced by six million soldiers would be impossible to address .
They were already <unk> in manure , so , in the meantime , they were <unk> this dirty technology that we 're going to make the life of New York .
So what happens ? In the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , in the United States , <unk> companies , <unk> companies .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely Ecuador , and there was very few , <unk> , factories in places .
Hold , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to give you to show you .
In the other way , you 're not going to talk with you .
And then , you 've got to give you a little bit , dedicated to them .
And then , you 'll have to tell you the truth with it about it .
The smallest company , the largest company , it has to be able to do three great things : the product that you want to sell it has to be fantastic , you 've got to tell you with a fantastic marketing , and you have to tell you with a wonderful financial management .
Do you know what ?
We 've never met a only human being in the world that can do , they sell , they sell the money just .
No .
This is still not born .
We 've looked at it , and we looked at the 100 companies of the Carnegie , <unk> , Edison , Edison , Ford , Ford , all the new companies , Google .
There 's just one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common , only one : No , no one : No , it was a single person .
You can never be the word `` I , '' but the word `` us '' , 32 times .
He was not just when it started .
Nobody starts a company just . No one .
And so , we can create the community where we have to turn it , who come out of a small business environment , in bars with their dedicated imperative , and it 's at her , with their dedicated imperative who somebody did , what somebody did this , who 's somebody who 's talking about , what you need ?
What can you do you do ? Can you do it ?
Well , you can sell it ? It can look for money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . ''
We create communities .
Thank you .
Those of us can help us many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't make a lot of knowledge despite the same public spaces .
In the last few years , I 've been trying to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools as <unk> and chalk .
These projects came from questions like , how much they pay my neighbors for their apartments ?
How can we pay and make more things not call the door in a bad time ?
How do you share more memories of our wind buildings and understand the better landscape ?
How to share more our hopes to the cows shops so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams ?
I live in New York and I 'm in front of the media .
My soul is always able to build the giants that you give a shadow , and it 's <unk> and <unk> from the centuries and I trust them from a city .
It 's always going to focus on music , there 's a <unk> in the middle of the middle of the city , the city has one of the most beautiful of the world , but also a lot of the most important properties of America .
I live close to this house , and I thought how it could turn it in a more nice space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 I loved somebody who loved a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother for me .
Your death was successful and unexpected .
I thought a lot of death and death and I thought a lot of death .
And this was a profound gratitude for the time in time and this was a profound gratitude for the time .
He gave sure the significant things of my current life .
But it 's going to keep it to keep this look at my daily life .
It seems that it 's easy to be able to break around the day , and forget it really important for you .
So , with the old friends , and new friends took the wall of this house in a giant board , and I talked about her sentences , and I talked about her sentences , `` Before I die like ... ''
So the wind could take a chalk , I think about their lives and sharing personal aspirations in space space .
I did n't know what to wait about this experiment , but the next day the wall was covered , and it was still <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before we die , I mean , I want to be interviewed by diarrhea . ''
`` Before I die I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before we die , I want to take a tree . ''
`` Before we die , I want to live it outside the network . ''
`` Before we die , I want to take you a time . ''
`` Before we die , I want to go to the rescue of somebody . ''
`` Before we die , I want to be completely myself . ''
This civil space turned up and the dreams and hope of people , they did it laugh to me , and I gave me in the hard moments .
It 's about knowing that you 're not just . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and <unk> , and it 's about giving him to make the thought and the <unk> , and to remember what 's the most important for us as we grow and change .
So this happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages of people who wanted to do a wall in their community .
That 's why with my entire center , we did a test and now have been done in the countries of all the world , like authoritarian , South Africa , South Africa , Argentina and beyond .
Together , we 've shown the power of our public spaces if we give them the opportunity to bring each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have are the time and our relations with other people .
In our age of distractions , it 's more important than never , to find the ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is very short and ugly .
The death is something that we 're often going to talk about , or even think , but I figured out that I 'm going to get to death is one of those things that we 're going to make us more power .
You think about death 's death .
Our shared spaces can be better what we care like individuals and as a community and more media to share hopes , fears and stories , people who are all around us , you can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a only request .
Please tell me that I 'm normal .
Now , I 'd like to introduce you to introduce you to you .
It 's 22 years old , it 's high and very small .
It does n't talk about , but it comes to better best than some of the best speakers .
You know what the love is .
So , you want to imagine what 's happening .
It 's not <unk> . It 's not looking at the color color .
It does n't care about the religious differences , and you see it , it 's never crying .
When he took songs of our childhood , trying to make the words that I do n't even know , it reminds me a thing , you know , it reminds me that we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that it should be the unknown .
Stephen has 16 years . It 's high . It 's very small .
It has the most beautiful memory .
However , it 's a spiritual memory .
You do n't remember if I flew my <unk> , but it reminds the year where it went on every single year that he went on every one of the songs of my iPod , conversations that we 've been in when I had four years ago , they 're going to sit in my arm during the first of the <unk> birthday .
Does n't you seem amazing ?
But most people do n't agree .
And in fact , because your minds do n't run into the concept of society , often they 're born and <unk> .
But what I explained to my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , though , if you do n't know it within the time , that would just mean a thing : which was extraordinary and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism '' is a brain disorder that affects social communication , learning and sometimes the physical abilities .
In every individual , it 's a different way of the different way , in there that <unk> is so different to Sam .
And in all the world , every 20 minutes , you get a new minutes of autism , and even though it 's one of the development of the development that faster in the world , there 's no cause or no known cure .
I do n't know my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember a single day without it .
I had only three years when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited about having a new being in my life .
When I spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
It 's very much .
I did n't want to play like the other babies , and in fact , it did n't seem very interested in myself .
I lived alive and it turned up in their own world , with their own rules , and I found pleasure in the most small things , like to put the cars in a row around the room , to look at the machine and eat any thing that I had a lot of generation .
As I was growing up , it will come back more different , and the differences they were doing harder .
But more there of the sediment , they were the frustration , and it was a really only only only one : a pure nature , and innocent , a child who looked at the world without silence , a human being had never been done .
Amy .
I ca n't assume that there 's been some hard moments in my family , moments where I would have to know that they were just like me .
But I look at the things that they 've taught me about meat , communication and love , and I realize that they are things that would n't want to change the normal .
The normal happens for the beauty that we have the differences , and the fact of being different does n't mean that some is wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what 's right .
If I could give you a single thing to <unk> and Sam and you , it would be that you do n't have to be normal .
You can be extraordinary .
Because , it or not , the differences we have -- it 's a gift ! Every one of us has a gift in their inside , and I think , the search of the normal is the last benefit of the potential .
The opportunity for the greatness , progress and change in the moment where we try to be like the others .
Please tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I found a little bit , what it must have been to be sold in the middle of the greatness .
Dr. School asked me to me , a industrial teacher , who was giving a kind of communication to college students .
I was scared . I 'm going to get it out of these students with their great minds , their big books and their big , and the big unknown , words .
But when you 're going to get those conversations , I felt , I felt what he had to have a sense when he fell on the hole of the supermarket and saw the door of a new world .
I felt when I had those conversations with the students , and I was surprised the ideas that they had , and I wanted to know that others are also wonderful .
And I think the key to open that door is a big communication .
We need a big communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world .
Our scientists and engineers are on our greatest challenges , from energy into the environment and care of health , and if we do n't know , we do n't know this , the work is not done , and I think that 's our responsibility as we do n't have these interactions as we do n't have these interactions .
But these big conversations ca n't happen if our scientists and engineers do n't get to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that your science is sexy , and their engineering is easier .
First question for us , and then what ?
It 's why science is relevant for us .
You do n't tell you just that we study the <unk> , but that we study the <unk> , which is the <unk> structure of our bones because it 's important to understand and try to get it .
And when you 're describing their science , they care with the Ecuador .
It 's a obstacle for our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say , `` space and temporary , '' but why do n't I say , `` space and time , '' which is much more accessible to us ?
It 's <unk> is not the same thing that we make a stupid thing .
The contrary , as Einstein said , it 's all as simple as possible as possible , but not simple .
You can communicate there 's clearly your science without understanding the ideas .
Something to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and it 's ways , and it 's ways to move and <unk> with their content .
And to introduce your work , you forget about the signs of `` bullet . ''
They 've been asking why they call `` <unk> '' ? What do it do the family ? The family killed , and they 'll get their presentation .
A <unk> like this is not just boring , but they 're getting too far in the area of the language of our brain , and we 're able to know it .
In change , this <unk> example is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the <unk> is so strong that I really inspired the only of the only of the dirty design .
The trick here is to use a simple sentence , you know , that the audience can understand if you lost a little bit , and , on the next , provide graphics , you 're going to get graphics , and they think a more profound sense of understanding of what 's described .
I think these are just some key that you can help the others , and we see the country 's country that is science and engineering .
And so , scientists and engineers , when you 've got this equation , for all the media , <unk> <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words of all the Oxford audience is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very well .
And `` <unk> '' means `` political politician . ''
Although there was a Southern editor of the 19th century that the very much best thing when he said , `` A <unk> '' is that you 're looking for a public charge without matter , or a platform , and that , when you make it , you get it by the <unk> use of a <unk> <unk> . ''
I do n't have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to see with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all the politicians know that they have to try to choose the language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> that the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote the simple words that were told in the portable camera .
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the <unk> name of <unk> <unk> , who came into Parliament .
I put them in the dawn of London , and he turned up , but it had the enough to meet them , and the end had a popular support in London that won .
And just about a few years later , we had the first use of the phrase , `` I 'm going to get it like this <unk> . ''
Most people think that it 's literal .
It 's not it . It 's about a group of the freedom of expression .
But to show you really how words and the policy interact , I want to go to America , just after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know it .
How do you get to the leader of a <unk> country ?
This is <unk> in Congress for a long time .
They came up all kinds of suggestions that might be <unk> .
Some of them wanted to call it `` <unk> of the Washington Washington , '' and others , `` Your <unk> George Washington , '' and other , `` The <unk> of the <unk> of the United States . ''
It 's not very disappointed .
Some of you just wanted to call it `` King . ''
They thought it was about quality .
And not even with it , they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term .
And it might be used .
All of the world , it 's a lot , because this debate is <unk> for three weeks .
I read the day of a poor bank , and I always write , `` I still have this subject . ''
And what it was caused , and the <unk> was that the House House was on the Senate .
The TED House , I did n't want to Washington , you 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do it .
He did n't want to call it , because they did it , or his <unk> ideas .
So , they wanted to give you the most modest title , more Churchill and more prolific that happened .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title , but it 's just meant , but it 's just meant , `` somebody who would take a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have a lot of more <unk> that the term `` B '' or `` '' ''
There were presidents of small <unk> <unk> , and they 've been able to be a few government , but it was really a trivial title .
And that 's why the Senate were .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call President . ''
`` This guy has to sign me , and they meet with foreign <unk> . ''
`` And who would take it serious with a very ridiculous title , and it 's like President of the United States ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't meet .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite until where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate never has <unk> the title of President .
The President Barack Barack Obama has lucky to keep there , waiting that the Senate in action .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is a temporary -- -- it 's possible that we 'll go waiting for me to go down .
But the third thing that we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and I want to leave you , it 's that the President of President of America , it does n't sound in all as modest today , right ?
And especially if you have more than 5,000 heads to be used , the most of the world in the world , and the world of the world in the world , and a nonprofit vehicles .
The reality , and the story have observed the title of <unk> .
So , the Senate won the Senate .
They were his <unk> title .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of Cambridge ; well , it was a deer for the time .
But , you know how many nations have the president ?
And everything because you want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 heads , etc .
So , at the end of the Senate won , and the House House lost , because no one is going to feel a lot of when you tell you that they 're now the President of the universe .
And I think that 's the big lesson that we can learn , and that I 'd like to leave you .
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to take them and control the reality , but actually , the reality change a lot of the words that they might change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 at a low feet in the land in the land of Ghana .
The air is eating heat and dust and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel like a <unk> bodies in the darkness , but I ca n't see a lot more .
Now , the voices who are talking about , but about all , that 's going to get out of the male <unk> and rocks were thrilled to be able to think of them .
As the others , I 've got a cheap bar of light <unk> to the head with this <unk> rubber , and I just can barely distinguish the branches of the branches that you know the walls of a meter that you fall hundreds of feet on the land .
And you 've got my hand , and suddenly I remember a <unk> I met days before , who lost the control , and he fell up with a few feet in that face .
As I 'm talking about you today , these men are in the deep of that hole to fill their lives without paid , and often , dying .
I went out of that hole and I went home , but they may never do it , because they 're about slavery .
In the last 28 years , I was documenting cultures in the over 70 countries in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> of the <unk> of the Vancouver .
Between all the amazing people that I met there , I met a story of <unk> the <unk> , and a NGO that is going to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery and , really , I started to learn about slavery because I knew that there was in the world , but not about a degree .
When we ended up , I felt very bad ; I was able to ignore this all of our days , and I thought , if I do n't know , how people do n't know it ?
It made me a cat , and , weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of <unk> the <unk> , '' and I lost my help .
So I started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I had been in many of these sites .
A few , even , I 've considered my second home .
But this time , I 'm going to take them out of them .
A conservative calculation says that there 's more than 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice the amount of African Africans during all of the whole thing about <unk> .
150 years ago , the cost of a farmer of a farmer was about about three times the annual salary of a American worker .
The equivalent of about 50 dollars today .
However , today , you can make a lot of families around the generations for a $ 18 dollars .
Now , you know , the slavery has a $ $ 13 billion dollars a year around the world .
A lot of them have been upset with a little bit of good education and better work to find that they 're forced to work without pay , under the threat of violence and ca n't escape .
Now , the slavery of slavery works in trade : the goods produced by the <unk> , they have value , but those people produce it .
The slavery exists in almost all the world , and yet , it 's illegal around the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the <unk> .
And this strange show , and it was like to go to the ancient Egypt or <unk> .
It 's <unk> in a <unk> temperature temperature , men , women , kids , in fact , families , in fact , different families , in a <unk> , <unk> <unk> , in their heads , until 18 at the time , and we bring them out of the <unk> libraries that are at hundreds of feet .
It 's why they 're going to get out of them , and they 're doing it in silence , doing this task one and again for 16 hours a day .
There was no thing to eat , nor to drink , and it 's not to drink , and it 's <unk> , it would be able to recognize it .
It was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot , and I stopped them to work .
Every 20 minutes I had to run into the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning for <unk> , and sitting there , I thought , my camera gets a lot better than these people .
In the past , I wanted to cry , but the <unk> that I was at my hand quickly , and he said , `` Oh , you do n't do it . You do n't do it . ''
And he told me very clearly that we show emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me , but for them .
I could n't give you any direct aid .
I could n't give them money , nothing .
I was not citizenship from that country .
I could put them in a worst situation that they were already .
I had to be able to trust the <unk> , '' and working within the system for their liberation , and it 's where it 's <unk> .
In terms of me , I decided to get home to feel my heart heart .
In the Himalayas , I found kids to get rocks for miles through miles up to trucks that they chose down .
Those big <unk> were more intense than the kids who were the kids who were the kids who were the families , and the kids put them to their heads with <unk> <unk> , ropes and curious .
It 's hard to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to see something .
How can we influence it in something that , but so ubiquitous ?
Some of you do n't even know that they 're an <unk> , and they 're 16 17 hours on the day without <unk> because this has been this all his life .
They do n't have nothing to compare it .
When these ended up with their freedom , the <unk> of their homes .
And when you hear the other people , often we think in sex traffic and because of this global consciousness , and it would be hard to be hard to work with security in this particular business .
In addition to me women who had been absolutely sex .
I took me for a few minutes that was going to put it to this dirty basement , of the light light .
It was n't exactly a step .
It was more good .
<unk> , as you know in the business , they 're local for prostitution prostitution .
They have small rooms , private rooms , where the <unk> <unk> with their girls and children , some of that only seven years are forced to bring your clients and <unk> to buy more food and alcohol .
Each of it is dark and dirty , they identified by a number that 's called the wall and divided up by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often have sex abuse of their clients .
On the foot , I remember , I remember a sense of a <unk> fear , and in that second , I could barely imagine what it should be able to be stuck in that hell .
I just had a way , the stairs where I went on .
There 's no question .
There were no big enough to climb .
Those people do n't have <unk> and , because we play a very hard issue , it 's important to point that slavery , even the sex traffic , it 's going to our around .
There are hundreds of people <unk> in agriculture , in restaurants , in restaurants and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times was reported that between 100,000 and 300 children , they sell every year like sex .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
<unk> are another activity that often interact with the hand 's hand .
I spent the Indian villages in which there were a whole families in the trade of silk .
This is a portrait of family .
The black hands of black is the father , the <unk> of blue and red .
It 's <unk> in these great barrels , and they put the silk in the liquid until the kitten , but the <unk> is valuable .
My mom told me their stories .
`` We do n't have freedom . ''
`` We still hope , though , I can get out of this house , and you 're going to go to the other place where we really pay our work . ''
We 've been aware that there are more than 4,000 kids are going to be located in the heart lake , the largest lake of the world .
When we come , I went to just fast .
I saw what it seemed to be a family family in a ship , two children , some more young kids , has sense ?
They were all of us .
The kids are separated from their families , they were infected , and they were forced to work , and they were forced to work on these boats in the lake , despite not knowing me .
This child has eight years .
When our boat came up to me , I was obsolete , and it 's a little bit that his little twist outside .
I was paralyzed by the fear of the water .
The branches of the trees 's branches in the lake is often going to get networks and children , <unk> , and with fear , it 's going on the water to bring the branches .
A lot of them are obsolete .
Since you 've always been forced to work on the lake .
And so the fear of her love is not going to run and , as the whole life has been trying to be able to be able to tell the most young people under their own way .
I met these guys to the five of the morning , when the last networks , but they had been working from the one of the one of the one of the one .
On the cold night , the cold night .
And I 've been able to see that these networks are over 400 pounds when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to you .
Larry was sold in a fishermen village .
I met it in a shelter in which we 're going to make the <unk> , '' and they 've got to victims of slavery .
Someone 's possible .
Who to be because somebody decided to make a difference in your life ?
It 's like a road in Ghana with partners of <unk> the <unk> , and a <unk> mate with his donation of sudden , and we had the car and the window .
We asked them to do it by the land of land to the forest .
At the end of the way , we 're going to get out of the car , and they asked the driver that went fast .
And then you sign this very visible path , and he said , `` This is the way , this is the way , this is the way .
As we started down , we take the <unk> that we put the way and after walking around a hour , we found that the way was going on the way , I was going to make the way that the way was going on the way , so I put the team of photos about my head as that <unk> in these water to the chest .
After two hours of walking up , the <unk> path ended up , and we had in front of the holes that could fit in a football field , and all of them were filled with <unk> workers .
A lot of women had children are going to their back and , as they were looking at gold , they grew up in <unk> .
The Philippines is used in the process of extraction .
And these who are sitting in a face in the other part of Ghana .
When they came out of the Netherlands , they were in their own sweat .
I remember that he looked at their eyes tired , <unk> , because many had been under land for 72 hours .
<unk> are to 90 feet , and these people have got white bags that then will be sent to another area where you 're going to make the stone to get the stone .
For the first view , the site seems to be filled with strong men and <unk> , but , if we look at it , the margin we see , we see a little bit , and it 's also children .
They 're all victims of injury , diseases and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely to get this up to the end of it , like this victim of tuberculosis and the <unk> and <unk> for a few years ago .
This is <unk> . When he died his father , he took it to work with it in the mines .
And when we die his uncle , <unk> , I get the idea of the uncle , which is the force to be slave in the mines .
When I met it , I had worked in the 14 years , and the spinal injury that you see here is product from a accident in the mine , so much that the doctors were saying that the doctors were saying .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis and , not though that , it 's forced to work night and day in that mine .
So , he 's going to be recorded with it , and it 's afraid of the local activists like <unk> the <unk> , '' and it 's this kind of determination , and it 's this kind of determination , and that 's this kind of determination , a lot of respect .
I want to see light about slavery .
You know that their images would be seen for you around the world .
I wanted to know that we 're going to do about them , and we 're going to do everything to help change their lives .
I think that if we can look at each other as human beings , then it 's very hard to tolerate faith like slavery .
These images are not about magazines . They 're from people , people , as you , and as you , they deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's no day that I do n't think about these many beautiful people , which I 've had the great honor of knowing .
I hope these images would be able to get a force where you see , in people as you see , and I hope that that force to be a fire , and that that 's the <unk> , and that that fire <unk> light on slavery because , without that light , the understanding of slavery can continue living in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I make effective mathematical , and there 's a peculiar problem for you who do , we 're like the roots of management .
Nobody knows what the hell do we do .
So today , I 'll try to tell you what I do .
The dance is one of the most human activities .
We 're going to take them the <unk> and the dancers of <unk> that we 're going to see .
But the 1918 , it 's an extraordinary training for extraordinary training , a high level , and probably a certain initial bit that well can have a genetic component .
Unfortunately , the illegal disorders like the bad of Parkinson 's bad gradually this extraordinary ability , as it makes me with my friend <unk> <unk> that , in his time , it was a quick dancer .
In the last few years , it 's made a lot about treatment .
However , there 's <unk> millions of people in the world who are sick , and they have to deal with a incurable editor , Emeka , verbs and other symptoms of this disease , so we need to understand the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to be able to measure the progress of objective , and the only way you know , the only way we know if we really have a cure to be when we have a objective measure and <unk> .
But it 's so frustrating that for the Parkinson and other disorders of movement is no biological analysis , and that 's why they do n't make the blood analysis and the best we have to be a <unk> test of 20 minutes .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that , outside the clinical trials , you 're never doing . It 's never done .
And what if the patients could do that in home ?
So that would save a journey to the clinic , what if the patients could make the test themselves ?
They do n't have personal .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the meantime .
So what I want to show you as you 're not the conventional way to try , you see , in a certain sense at least , all of the way at least , we 're all <unk> as my friend <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of the nest ropes .
It shows somebody healthy as you 're going to talk about the sounds , we can imagine as dancers from a translator , because we have to coordinate all those <unk> organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes needed . The <unk> , for example .
And as the spiritual , it requires a extraordinary training level .
Let 's think the time it takes a child to learn .
From the sound , we can track the position of the nest ropes as the stories , and so as the evolution affects the limbs , it 's also affects the nest organs .
In the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of <unk> <unk> .
We see the same symptoms .
So , you 're going to give them back , `` Come down .
The speech gets more expensive , and it 's after a while , and this is a example of symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with clinical trials , well , both of them are not .
We 're not passive . They 're both using the existing infrastructure .
It 's not necessary to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
Both are skillful . Okay , but also the evidence we 're based on the voice are not effective .
I mean , you can be <unk> .
They 're doing very fast , you take about 30 seconds as a lot .
They 're about a single cost , and we all know what happens .
When you 're going to be a cost as low , it comes to massive scale .
These are some amazing goals to address .
We can reduce the difficulty of patients .
You do n't make a need to go to the clinic for us .
With high frequency , we could make data .
We could make a huge mass of low cost for clinical trials , and for the first time , we 're going to be able to get it around scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first bit of the disease before it 's too late .
So , to give you the first steps in that sense , we 're putting the <unk> Project of this .
With <unk> and <unk> , we want to get a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals .
We have the local lines for about 65 million people in the world .
Anybody , with without Parkinson 's , you can call it under the price , and I 'll leave it for a few cents , and I 'm thrilled to convince me that we 've got six percent of the goal in just eight hours .
Thank you . Tom astronomy : So Max , taking all these samples of , let 's say to say who are healthy , you can say who are healthy and who do n't ?
What would you get about these samples ?
Max : Yeah , yeah , what happens is that the call you have to indicate if you have or not the disease , you know , `` Of course .
And you see , you see , some people can do n't think . It can not end it .
But we 're going to get a very big sample of data <unk> in different circumstances , and it 's doing it in different circumstances , it 's important because we 're searching because we 're looking for the factors of confusion in order of the disease .
TR : You have an 86 percent of precision in this moment ?
<unk> : A lot more than that .
In fact , my graduate student , I have to get it , it 's made a fantastic work , and now it has been shown that it works in the cellular network , also , what we 've got the project . We now have a 99 percent of precision .
TR : Okay , and nine . Well , it 's a improvement .
<unk> : Of course .
TR : Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before 9/11 , I made a <unk> in the city of New York City .
We are <unk> creatures , gray creatures .
We 're doing it in the darkness , in rooms without windows , and by the general , we get the solar sunlight .
We do the way to do the molecular models , there are still more competent models , the perfect skin still do the impossible , possible , and we 're going to get them in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a picture .
The 11 of September 2011 , I saw from my house , the same thing that the rest of the world , the video events that happen in Japan .
Shortly time , a organization where it was like , `` <unk> <unk> , was in the place working as part of the response of the answer .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew that we ca n't cut sitting sitting in home , so I decided to bring the group for three weeks .
The 13 of May I went to <unk> .
It 's a small <unk> village in the <unk> of almost 50 people , one of the first peoples affected the wave .
The level of the water has been built over 24 feet , and over three miles land inside .
As you can imagine , the village was inappropriate .
We took out of the channels of channels and the deer .
It 's <unk> schools , and we put the little houses , and we put the home houses to be built and <unk> .
We took tons and tons of fish fish , <unk> , <unk> of the local factory .
It 's <unk> , and they loved it .
For weeks , as the neighbors found similar things .
They found pictures , and they took pictures and cameras and cameras .
Everybody did the same .
<unk> and give them different places of the peoples around the peoples around us .
It was n't until so I realized that those photos had a huge part of the personal losses that that people had suffered .
Meanwhile , as they 're going to save their lives , and to save their lives , they had to leave absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help the first week in the village of the village .
They 're going to clean up the accidents , we took the huge <unk> .
This is a place that it turned out of the village in the village where the center 's center would give you the photos .
So , they were , and I had the honor that that day <unk> in me to clean up the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , I had heard the expression to think more than the horizons , but it was n't until I was the same thing that something happened .
By looking at the photos , I found some who had more than a hundred years ago , they were still on the lab , and I could n't help think about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> , and I knew the people who could do the same .
So that night , I went on Facebook to some of them , and the next morning , and the next morning , and the next morning was so scary and positive , who knew we had to try .
So we 're going to bring the photos .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too much , but where the water had <unk> the face of the child , and it had a lot of accuracy and a lot of it .
On the other way , that little girl would n't have the aspect of it , and that would be so tragic as you have the regular picture .
With the end of the time , they came for more photos , and they took more photos , and they 've got more <unk> , so that I went back back in Facebook and researching and five days , and five days later , they were going to help .
At two weeks , I had 150 people to join .
In Japan , in July , we took them to <unk> , a <unk> village in the north of <unk> .
Once the week we use our scanner in libraries , which had been sitting , where people were going to regain their photos .
And the time you 're going to get it in <unk> is a different story , it depended out of course of the photos of the photos .
I could run a hour . I could look at weeks .
I could look at months .
This <unk> had to draw it just to draw it , using it , using the areas that color and detail the water was not destroyed .
I took a long time .
The water was destroyed all these pictures in the river , and they 've got the bacteria , with algae , with algae , even with oil , it 's all along with the end of time <unk> , so that 's why I 'm going to hand it was a important part of the project .
We ca n't bring the picture at least that it was clean , dry , and it had been <unk> by his owner .
We had lucky enough to hand .
We tell you with the guide of a remarkable name .
It 's very easy to be even more than the photos already .
As he said , once he said , the leader of my group is like to make a desk .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures had lucky to the photos .
I had started <unk> it , but he stopped to realize that the <unk> even more .
I also had a symphony .
Without them , the images of his husband and their own face would n't have been able to rebuild , we could take the images in a single picture and the <unk> photo .
When I took their photos to get something about their story with us .
A few colleagues of his husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble , and we used to be his house , but their colleagues , you 're going to get it .
The day of the tsunami , his husband was the <unk> to close the barriers to the wave .
He had to go inside the water as the <unk> .
Their small kids , not so small now , but their two kids were in school , in different schools .
One of them sat on the water .
I took a week to find all their family and know that everybody had been ready .
And the day that I put their photos the lower son was 14 years ago .
For it , despite all of this , those photos were the best gift I could do , something that he could come back , something that he could go back , something that he could go back , something that I could remember the past that I had n't been broken by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan , in Japan , volunteers had moved up with hundreds of them , they helped them clean up to clean hand , the vast majority , the great majority of their owners .
More than 500 volunteers from all the world helped us bring back to 90 families hundreds and hundreds of pictures and <unk> and <unk> .
For this time , you really do n't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials , most of the majority in ink .
We took them out of them .
A picture is a picture of somebody or something , a relationship , a relationship , somebody wanted .
They 're <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing we 're going to do , but the first thing that we 're going to look at .
So this was the project , to restore small parts of humanity , to give somebody their connection with the past .
When a picture like this , you 're going to get somebody , there 's a huge difference in the life of the person to get it .
This project also made a great difference in life 's life .
From some of them with something larger , to give them something , using their talent to something that are not a perfect computer models .
I 'd like to end me , I 'd like to read this computer email , and he sent me on the day I went back from Japan after six months .
While <unk> , I could n't help think about people , and the histories of stories in the images .
One in particular , a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the grandmother to the small girl , they took around a baby , and it was a similar picture of my family my grandmother , my mother , and my mother 's similar and my daughter 's just .
In the whole world , in all of our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Recently , I inspired me , and curious with this picture of a bullet that goes through a apple in an exhibition in an exhibition in an exhibition of only one of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster , and see the world not a million or a billion , but a billion frames per second .
I 'm going to give you a new kind of photograph : <unk> , a new technical technical technique that can create videos in a slow camera of the light movement .
And with that , we can create cameras that you can see after the corners , the beyond the line of vision , or see the inside of the body without use X , and the understanding of the camera .
If I take a laser , and I turn it up and <unk> in a second , or it 's in a second , or it 's in a lot of a second , and it 's in many <unk> to create a <unk> package of just a millimeter .
And that 's <unk> , that description , to travel to the speed of light , and , again , a million times faster than a common description .
If we take that sign and this <unk> package in this bottle , how do you get those photons within this bottle ?
What is the aspect of light in camera .
Now , all of this -- remember that all this happens in less than a <unk> is what it takes to travel the light .
But this video is 10 billion times more slow to you can see the light in movement .
Coca-Cola does n't get a lot of things on this film ; we 've got this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , you go on the bottle with a <unk> package that starts <unk> and that , within it , it starts <unk> .
Some of the light goes down , it 's going to the table , and we started seeing these euros .
Now , many of the photons , they finally come back to the floor and then they 're going to get in several directions .
As you can see , there 's a <unk> bubble that extends on the inside .
In that time , the waves will go on the table , and because of the moments of the upper part , you see on the bottom of the bottle , after a bunch of frames , that the things are getting .
Now , if we take a common , common and current and we do the same distance , and we see it on the same distance , and we see it in camera slow to about 10 billion times , how much you think that we would take us to see that movie ?
A day ? A week ? Actually , all a year .
It would be a very boring movie of a <unk> .
And what about the dead nature ?
You can see the waves that are <unk> from the table , the <unk> and the wall of the bottom .
It 's like to take a stone in a pond .
It 's the way nature is a picture , I thought , from a <unk> at once , but of course , our eyes can see a smooth composition .
But if you look at one more time , you 'll notice that , as the light goes on the eyes , it 's still bright .
Why ? Because the tomato is called it , and the light extends on their inside and it turns out after a bunch of <unk> .
In the future , when this <unk> is in their cell phones , you 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and ready if the fruit is mature without having to touch it .
What we create this camera in MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we take a picture on the top of the exhibition , it goes very few light .
But we 're going to be a billion times more fast than the most short exhibition , so you just get something of light .
We got that bullet , that <unk> <unk> , millions of times , and we put it up , and we put one and again , and we put a back and again with a very bit of data , we took those data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of those data in raw , and we can take it very interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a future will tell you after the street ?
The idea is that we could look at something of light on the door , and you 're going to go into the room , a part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera , and from there to the camera .
And where we could extract those multiple together of light .
It 's not science .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
It 's the wall of the wall , there 's a Ecuador and <unk> light on the door .
And then the publication of our article in Nature .
And a small fraction of the photons come back to the camera , but interestingly , in some different moments .
And as we have a camera that it works like this as fast , our <unk> , has a unique capabilities .
It has a very good time , and you can look at the world to the speed of light .
So , we know the distances to the door and also to the <unk> objects , but we do n't know what you 're going to solve it .
When a laser can record a picture in the failures , which , you see on the screen , it 's really no sense , it 's really no sense .
But we 'll take a lot of images like this , tens of images , and we 're going to try to look at the multiple amount of light , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our chromosomes .
We 've got things to explore before we take this in the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that will be able to be able to be able to be on the line .
Or we could look for government in dangerous conditions looking at light through the light .
We could build them able to see the inside of the body <unk> , and the same for the <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood , this is pretty hard , so it 's really hard , so it 's actually a asked to the scientists to think about the <unk> as a new form of visualization to solve the problems in the next generation .
So , as <unk> <unk> , he became a scientist , it became a scientist in art .
I realized that all of the data that we 're going to do that they 're not just for scientific scientific , but we can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to predict technology .
We create a new form of computational photography with brown camera and software code .
And let 's look at those waves . Remember , the time between every one of those waves is just a few second .
But here 's also something fun .
If you look at the waves underneath the floor , these are getting away from us .
The waves should move to us .
What happens here ?
It turns out that , as we 're recording about the speed of light , we have a strange effects , and Einstein would be willing to see this image .
The order that we happen in the world in the world sometimes happens to the camera .
And we 're going to get it up with the sound of space and time , we can correct this proposal .
It 's already time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A phone can change life , and you give you individual freedom .
With a cellphone , you can take a crime against humanity .
With a cellphone , you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a phone , you can record a song , you 're going to get a song , and it 's going to be famous .
All of this is possible with a cellphone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and live in the Berlin city .
Let 's go back to that moment , in this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people <unk> in looking at a change .
This is the fall fall . Imagine if all of these people who are going to get it in looking at a change , they had a smartphone in your pocket .
Who 's a smartphone here ?
It 's <unk> .
Raise your cell phones , <unk> !
It 's <unk> . A kilometer , `` Hey ! ''
It 's a lot . It 's almost much .
But today , I 'm going to talk about me , from my cellphone , and how I changed life .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> lines .
Data in raw .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the Commission of the age of the age .
It 's <unk> <unk> .
This is that every single European company , every year of the Internet 's Internet , has to store a broad range of information of users .
Who 's called who , who has a email who .
Who has a text who .
And if we use the cellphone , where we 're .
All of this information is stored by at least six months , and to two years , in their telephone company or his Internet company .
And in all Europe , people get up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said , they did n't want to do this true thing .
We want to be the Balkans in the digital age , and we do n't want to be the phone and the Internet 's Internet , and the Internet of the Internet <unk> all this information about us .
There was lawyers , journalists , priests , they all said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about ten billion people who came to the streets of Berlin , and they said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some of you even said that this would be the <unk> 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret police of Germany .
And I also asked me if this works really .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Every time we use the cellphone ?
So I asked my telephone , <unk> <unk> , that in that time it was the largest telephone company in Germany , which is why please get me all the information that they had about me .
I asked them once , and I went back to me , and I did n't get a real response . It was all about it .
But then I said , I want to have this information because you 're going to get you my life .
That 's why I decided to make an judicial demand because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said , we do n't give you this information .
At the end of the end of a agreement .
You 're going to get the demand , and they send me the information that I asked .
Meanwhile , the International <unk> <unk> did the <unk> for the German law of the grass .
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside .
And in the CD there was this .
No , and five of the five <unk> of information .
At the beginning I saw , and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . Okay .
But after a time I realized that it 's my life .
There 's six months of my life in this archive .
It was a little bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I go on the night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this to get this information .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show the people what the dynamic of data means .
So , along with <unk> , and they 're going to get up here , and they 're going to get up here .
This is a visualization of six months of my life .
You can walk up and go back and go back and go back and go back and go back .
You can see each step that I give .
And you can see how I 'm going to do it in the train train , and what often I call it in the way .
All of this is possible with this information .
That day a little fear .
But it 's not just about me .
It 's all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife , and she 's called , we talked about a couple times .
And then they call me some friends and call them out of them .
And then you call the other , and the other at the other , and we ended up with this big network of communication .
You can see how their people move up with them , and you can see that time call a few other , what hour sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what 's doing society .
If you have access to this information , you can control their society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the way of your society , because you know who talk to who talk to who , who give you a email who , who 's all possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is sitting at least six months in Europe , and for two years .
As I said to the beginning , imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin streets , in the fall fall , they had a smartphone in your pocket .
And the <unk> had known to me who went on this protest , and , if the <unk> had known who were the leaders , this never had happened .
The fall of the Berlin Valley may never have happened .
And in a consequence , it 's not the fall of the <unk> <unk> .
Because today , the U.S. agencies and companies want to store so much information of us as possible within it , as it 's possible within the web .
They want to have the possibility to keep our lives and they want to do it forever .
But the knife and live in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight it for them .
You have to fight by that day .
When you go back home to their friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century , and it 's not a fashion .
When you go home , they 're going to tell her that just because the companies and global agencies can store some information , you do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't think , ask your telephone company , what information you 're missing from you .
So in the future , every time you use their cell phones that you 're going to remember that they have to fight by London in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello , what happens ?
I call me <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor who brought me to the world .
It 's going to my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> to the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have a result , I 've got brain paralysis , so that 's why we 're going to get all the time .
Look at it .
It 's uncomfortable . I 'm like a <unk> .
And Saturn .
This is not genetics .
It 's not <unk> .
No one <unk> the uterus of my mother and not the <unk> because my parents were cousins , although they 're .
It 's just about accidents , as the one who happened to birth .
Now , you know , I 'm not an inspiration of inspiration .
It 's wrong for me , because in some point of life , they 've got to be frozen .
Let 's walk .
It 's a Christmas center , they 're in the commercial center , you 're going to drive in circles , and what you see ?
16 empty places for it .
And they think , `` God , I can be at least a little bit ? ''
In addition , I say , I 've got 99 problems , and the Philippines is just one of them .
There 's a <unk> of oppression , I would make the gold .
I 'm a neutral , Muslim , women , disabled and alive in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , maybe they should do it .
I 'm from <unk> <unk> , in New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the early same .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house at New York .
A lot of people with brain paralysis do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` You ca n't believe it . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can .
If my three sisters was a lot of the biggest sisters .
If my three sisters were going to the public school , my parents <unk> to the school system , and you know , that I also went out , and if we do n't buy all the entire note , all of my mother .
My father taught me to walk back to the five years to put my father in their feet and just walking .
Again , I used it was a dollar in front of me to make it .
The <unk> I 've got within it was very strong and ...
Yeah , the first day in the garden 's garden , I walked like a <unk> facility that has received a lot of boring .
They were only six Arabs in my city , and they were all about the family .
Now , there are 20 Arabs , and they 're still being all of the family , I think no one realized that we did n't were not Bob .
This was before the restaurants and that politicians would think about using `` I 'm going to use the Muslims . ''
The people who grew up had to have trouble with my faith .
However , it seemed to be a lot of a lot of hunger during the <unk> .
I was saying that I had enough fat to live about three months , and they 're able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be very easy .
<unk> <unk> in Broadway .
Yes , in Broadway , it 's crazy . My parents could n't pay the physics of physics , and that 's why I went to school school .
I learned to dance with Christmas , or I can walk with Christmas .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends were used , I also .
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation in the University of Jersey , I was n't .
I was going to go on the past in a war area , because my parents would argue that if we do n't go back to Palestine all the past , we 're going to get them in Malawi .
In the end of summer , I often did my father , so that I would take up with <unk> , and they took me into the back of the back , and I remember the water on the back , and I remember that the water brings me the eyes and thought , `` It works , it works ! ''
But the mathematician cure was the yoga .
I 've got to say that it 's very boring , but before we do yoga was a little bit of bars that could n't run on foot .
And now I can walk on the head .
My parents <unk> this idea that I could do any thing , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was going to be in the funders called General .
I went to college by the positive discrimination , and I got a block for the <unk> , University of the spinal State , because I went on all the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> department .
They all loved me .
I did all the tasks of least smart , I took the upper note in my classes , and also in their classes .
Every time I did a scene of the glass zoo of my teachers .
But I never got a paper .
And finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a work called a very slow , very slow to slow into Jackson .
It 's a piece of a girl with brain paralysis .
I was a girl with brain paralysis .
So I started screaming the four winds , `` The end of it will have a paper !
I have brain paralysis .
I end up !
Thank you , I 'm just free ! ''
I did n't get paper .
I went to <unk> to the director of the theater department , crying historically , like somebody had killed my cat , to ask me why , and she said , because she said , because I could n't make the risk of risk .
And I said , `` Hmm , if I ca n't do the kind of risk , it can not be the character . ''
It was a paper for the first that literally had been born , and they gave them to a actor without brain paralysis .
The college was made my life .
Hollywood has a <unk> story of <unk> actors , without disability as well , for those of it .
I went back home , I went home , and my first <unk> was like extra in a lawsuit .
My dream was made .
And I knew that it would be <unk> from `` Oh , '' at the best dear friend . ''
In change , he turned out there as a <unk> , I would n't see it more than the hand , and it was obvious for me that I did n't do n't get a <unk> , they 're not white .
It 's just <unk> people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up looking at it <unk> , you know , <unk> <unk> , and all these women had a thing in common : they were shy .
So I made it <unk> .
In my first thing , I took up in my first tour , I took a famous quote in New York City at New York , and I never forget the face of the first prime that took when he fell on the face that I was at high speed by the New Jersey , with a computer who had cerebral paralysis .
I worked around all the United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship .
Some people say that I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to hear the first place , but I know that you 've never heard that little nasty gratification that says that women are not fun , and they 're very fun .
In 2003 , my brother of the other mother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the <unk> of the New York City , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in the media of communication and the time you try to remind them to give them to the time of the way that <unk> and Arabic are not .
It 's a much more easy to fight the Arab was much easier to fight the challenge of the stigma .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I went like to invited the news of news by wire .
I went on as if it was to a graduate dance , I put me to a studio and sat on it on a wheels .
I looked at the doctor , and I said , `` Hey , you can give you another chair ? ''
She looked at me , and he said , `` Five , four , four , two , two .
And we were alive .
So I promised me to the desk of me to not get out of the screen on the screen for the segment , and when I ended up the interview , and when I finished the interview .
At end , I had my opportunity and the <unk> . I knew that I did n't go to me .
But not just the Mr. <unk> went to me , but I turned up as a whole time , and I put my chair .
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith <unk> was that people in the Internet are the Internet .
You say , the kids are cruel , but you 're never made of me , and it 's never a little bit of me .
Suddenly , my disability in the Internet became the Internet object .
You 've got a line on line like , like , `` Why do you say ? ''
`` It 's <unk> ? ''
And my favorite , `` <unk> <unk> .
What is this disease .
We really should be ready for it . ''
I 'd suggested that I would tell my disability to me , and I 'm going to say my disability to my mother-in-law : <unk> , <unk> .
The disability is so visual as race .
If somebody in the wheels , you ca n't make it <unk> , then you 're going to do you can do somebody in the wheels of the wheels .
The orange are the ... Yes , I 'm thrilled , man , man .
We are the largest minority of the world , and the more <unk> in the entertainment world .
The doctors said that I did n't get , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , we 've grown with the media media , I do n't think it was .
I hope we can create more positive images of disability in the media and in the daily life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that 's less to hate me on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need all society to teach our kids .
I 've got me to a very dramatic places .
I came to <unk> by the red carpet <unk> by the <unk> Susan Susan <unk> and <unk> <unk> .
I came to act on a movie with Adam Adam and working with my funders , the amazing Dave Dave .
It 's <unk> the world <unk> , `` The Arabs have become crazy . ''
I went to <unk> in the big state of the New Jersey in 2008 .
And I decided , `` The kids of <unk> , '' an organization for giving the kids to a lot of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time that my father was seen , and I had this talk to her memory .
It 's in peace , dad .
I call me <unk> , and if I can , you can also .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village .
I do n't know their name , but I know their story .
It 's in a small village in the <unk> of <unk> .
This village is about <unk> .
It 's called the protocell to the small people and the edge of the encyclopedia .
Without it , it 's going to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunities , there 's no opportunities , you have no work , and we do n't know .
He just living in a tent in the city of <unk> .
After maybe a year <unk> , nothing .
A day , you 're going to give you a gentleman that gives you to lunch , after dinner , to school .
It 's going to a dynamic of people , which gives you a break .
It 's a little bit of money for you to make new clothes , money to send home , to their family .
I put a young man .
And I started home .
It starts a new life .
It has a life goal .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , it takes a bomb car .
That boy from that small village with dreams of the great city was the suicide terrorist , and that dynamic group of people were at the <unk> , a dynamic of people were to the Qaeda .
So , how the story of a child of a small village , trying to get their dreams in the city ends with him ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for a opportunity , waiting to start their future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that came up .
This was the first thing that we call it from what we call it , the period of waiting . ''
And their story is happening in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the Bonobo , young people , young urban women who had <unk> <unk> in London , <unk> in London , who are looking at something else there .
For the young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , of the opportunity , of it , but the young people do n't live in the prosperity of their cities .
And often , it 's often the elderly that you have from the highest rates of unemployment .
For 2030 , three of every five people who live in cities will be under 18 years .
If you do n't take the young people in the growth of our cities , if you do n't take opportunities , the story of the time , the story of the period of the time , the door of access to terrorism , to be the story of the cities 2.0 .
And in my city of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of the young people .
70 percent do n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do n't have virtually nothing .
I went back to <unk> the month last month , and I went to visit her <unk> , the hospital where I was born .
I remember to be to that hospital , <unk> , thinking , and if I never got me ?
And if I had seen it forced to be on that same period of wait . ''
Would you have become terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure of the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month , it was actually to bring a few leaders in a business leaders .
It 's going to find about 90 religious leaders .
We sit , and we had a ideas of ideas about solutions to the big challenges that face the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He was the University of <unk> , I graduated .
I had no work , no opportunities .
I remember when he said , because I was a graduate college , I remember , frustrated , it was the perfect white , and other other organizations , to be disappointed .
They were people like it .
But this story takes a different way .
In <unk> , the most obstacle to get from the middle B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to act .
We saw a opportunity , and I swear .
He started a <unk> company .
He started <unk> to the local residents who they usually could n't get together .
I bought 10 pipelines , with the help of his family and friends , and their dream is at some time to expand up in the next three years .
Why is a different story ?
What does this different story ?
I think the ability to identify and take a new opportunity .
It 's the business spirit , and I think that the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the TED period . ''
It 's going to tell people to be the most economic opportunities that are looking for it .
And you can train the young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who went to a young man who went to one of my meetings , Josh <unk> .
I was going to train some of the young people in the top of the business of business and how to create a culture of business business .
In fact , it 's the first thing that we 've been seen in over 22 years , and until it 's a little bit , until I imagined it came out , until you wanted to imagine it , if you wanted to remember flowers for your wedding , <unk> , we were plastic sent out from the connectome .
If you give somebody to somebody , `` When was the last time you 've got there ? ''
For those who grew up for the civil war , the answer would be , `` No . ''
So , imagine saw a opportunity .
He started a <unk> company and design design .
I created a farm in the outside of <unk> , and it started to grow up and <unk> , which he said , they might survive the hard climate .
And it started the name of flowers to work , creating <unk> in the houses , and the companies of the city , and now it 's working in the creation of the first park in the public park in 22 years .
There 's no public parks in <unk> .
It wants to create a space where the families , young people , they can go together , and , as he says , you know , smell the roses .
By the way , he 's not a lot because it uses a lot of water .
So , the first step is to inspire the young people , and in that room , the presence of 2006 had a really profound impact in young people .
They had never thought about a business .
They had thought to work for a NGO , working for government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
He told them to look at their city as a opportunities .
It 's going to believe that they might be entrepreneurs , that might be a lot of change .
For the end of the day , they had a innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges that face the city .
They took a business solutions for local problems .
So to inspire the young people and create a culture of business spirit is really a big step , but the young people need to make their ideas .
They need experience and orientation to protect them in the development and put it into the development of their business .
It 's going to make the young people with the resources that they need , <unk> the support that you need to happen to change the creation of creation , and create a lot for the urban growth .
For me , the business spirit is something else to start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Josh is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
His square Park , this is how it 's called , when it 's created , they turn the way people see their city .
It 's <unk> kids from the street to help you to go back and keep it to it .
He gave them the opportunity to escape the paralysis of the `` period of waiting . ''
These young young kids are having a huge impact in their cities .
So my suggestion is : we become the young young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> , and you 're going to get their evolutionary innovation , and they 're going to have more stories about flowers , and he 's from the <unk> , and they 're going to wait . ''
Thank you .
I was about 10 years ago , and I went to the same with my dad in the <unk> mountains , a area of the north of the New York City .
It was a beautiful day .
The forest <unk> .
The sun was making the leaves <unk> as a <unk> , and it 's not going to be on the way that we did , we were almost able to feel that we were the first human beings in order that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a <unk> in a <unk> , a beautiful lake when I found something horrible .
They put out of the cave , there was a <unk> , about four square feet with your apple 's hearts balls balls balls , and Jim 's old .
And I was <unk> , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
The <unk> that were too stupid as to take what they thought I was going to clean their garbage ?
That question went up with me , and you 're going to see a little bit .
Who clean our trash ?
Do n't matter like <unk> or where we put the `` our '' , who will clean our trash in Istanbul ?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London ?
So here in New York , the <unk> Department of our trash , the reason of 11 tons of food , and two tons of Chicago products every day .
I wanted to look like individuals .
I wanted to understand who that work .
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that charge ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks , and I walked through their ministers and I interviewed people in offices and installations in the whole city , and I learned a lot , but I was still a lot of <unk> .
I needed to be more .
So I started working like <unk> .
Now , I 'm not just traveling in the trucks .
And it took the mechanical <unk> and the snow .
It was a remarkable privilege , and a amazing learning .
All of the smell of the smell .
It 's there , but it 's not so painful as you think , and in the days that it 's very strong , you 're going to get fast .
It costs a lot for weight .
I met people who had been working on it for several years and their bodies , they were able to get on the weight of taking them on their body tons of trash all the weeks .
It 's also the danger .
All right now with the Philippines of <unk> <unk> , the waste of waste is one of the ten <unk> <unk> , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming up and go into the traffic all day , and they 're going to meet your around .
They just want to be <unk> , so in general the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the female .
And also the trash of the trash is full of developers who often fall out of the truck and natural damage .
I also learned about the trash of garbage .
When you get out of the <unk> , and you see a city from the back of the truck , you can understand that the trash is like a force of nature itself .
Never leave you to come .
It 's also like a breathing way or circulation .
It should always be on the movement .
And it 's also the stigma .
I think the stigma is particularly ironic , because I think it 's a lot of the waste of waste are the most important hand in the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They 're the first milk of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the supply and effective and effective every day , this starts <unk> out of their presence and their dangers , they 're going to get it in very real ways .
And that we had controlled for decades , and centuries come back and they start <unk> .
The economy needs .
If we ca n't get out of the old things , we do n't have space for the new why the motors of the economy start to fail when it 's in danger .
I 'm not influenced by capitalism , just to get their relationship .
And then it 's what I call our average speed .
And that 's what I mean just to the speed that we 're going to get in the speed of contemporary .
We 're able to do n't worry about it , and I do n't know , or we took them with us with us our coffee cup , our bag of <unk> , our <unk> bottle .
We use , we use them , we forget about them , because we know that there 's a job of work on the other side that you 're going to take it .
So today I want to show you a couple of ways to think about the waste of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and <unk> in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
His work , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street , all of the days , so we 're going to get it .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when you 're going on .
And their work lets us do our .
They 're almost a performance way .
The flow that they 're going to leave us out of ourselves , of our own waste , our lens , and that flow , and that flow , and that flow always must stay in a way or another .
A day after September 11 of September 2001 , I listened to the brink of a truck of a <unk> truck on the street , he took my little child , and I went up to my son , and there was a man doing their <unk> , and there was a man doing their journey of paper .
And I tried to thank you to do their work that day in particular , but I started crying .
And I looked at it , and he said , `` We 're going to be well .
We 're going to be well . ''
Shortly after that , I started looking after I started looking at the waste of waste , and I went back to that man .
It 's called <unk> , we work together a lot of times , and we did good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
We 're going to be well .
But in our efforts , the way we exist in this planet as a species , and we have to have all the costs , even the costs , even the very real human cost of the hand .
They 're able to think , what we think when we talk about garbage , represent three percent of the amount of the nation .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their days and their lives , the next thing that you see somebody who work is clean the trash of you , and it took a moment to say .
Take a moment to tell you very much .
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community , we 're going to think about the environment where architecture is in the environment where architecture is naturally and local traditions .
Today , I brought two recent projects like this .
Both projects are sitting in the emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in India .
In addition to share the fact that the different analysis of different perspectives become a essential part of the end of architecture .
And the first example started with a invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia , which we think about .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as example , my team and me , about what we had to design .
At the beginning , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to go back to me . ''
After see some of these buildings , there are many of these buildings , there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects .
In beginning , these buildings are almost empty , because they have very big shops where people ca n't be able to buy things .
Number two , you need a lot of energy because of the skin , it generates heat on the inside , so it 's necessary a lot .
In a city that this should n't happen because it 's about a frozen climate that goes from 20 than the year .
And third , your aspect has nothing to see with Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a worth of a place so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit Ethiopia , I was really excited with the ancient market that is this structure in the air , which is this structure in the air , where thousands of people , they go and buy things all the days .
There 's also that idea to use the public space to generate activity .
So I thought , that 's what I really wanted to design , not a commercial center .
But the question was how to build a building building , in several stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge came to us the site , which is frozen in a whole area of a lot of the city of the city , where a lot of the buildings we now see in the image , not exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that do n't communicate in a extension of hundreds of feet .
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets , put all the building building .
And this is extends with a ecologist that creates a space in the air air in the building that you 're going on , by their own way , for their own way , the sun and the rain .
And around this space we 've made the idea of the market with small business , which changes on every floor because of the way of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that we put into the local conditions .
And I put it to think about a similar tissue to a <unk> bar to allow the side of the air , and it 's also from the light , but in a way .
And then we put them into these beautiful buttons of the <unk> of the <unk> .
They have properties of fractal geometry , and this helped me to make it .
We 're building that with these small pieces of <unk> that are the windows that you leave the air and the light of a <unk> way in the building .
This is <unk> with these small <unk> , which uses the light of the inside of the building to light the building for the night .
With these ideas , it 's not easy to convince the developers because they thought , `` That 's not a commercial center . It was n't what we asked them . ''
But in addition , we all realized that this idea of the market was a lot more profitable than the commercial center because of the end of the commercial center , because in the end of the bank .
And also the idea of the regime was much more economic , not just because of the material in comparison with the glass , but also because it was also because it was also because it was also because it was n't necessary to have air conditioning .
So we get certain savings in the budget we use to bring the project .
And the first thing was thinking about how to achieve the power of energy for the building in the city in the city in the city that electricity was short every day .
So we get a great advantage to put it on the roof .
And then under those panels , we think about the roof as a new public space with a new public space areas , and we create this city .
And these <unk> on the roof , which is in a set of water for the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside .
It 's waiting for the next year , we already have the fifth floor of building .
The second example is a professor of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a very big project , the biggest thing that I have designed , I needed to not just understand the city of Tunisia , but also the environment , their tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I put special to the <unk> , a structure of 1,000 years ago , who was surrounded by a wall with a wall with <unk> <unk> , and by almost straight .
When I went to the place , the first amount of design that we did was to get on the existing streets , creating 12 similar blocks similar similar blocks on size and features that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe .
In addition to that , we combine some of the <unk> points in relation to the idea of the doors , and this is helping the initial model .
And the last operation was thinking about the cell , the small cell of the project , as the apartment , as a essential part of the teacher plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for a apartment in the climate climate ?
And it 's a little bit , it creates a heat difference between both sides of the house , and therefore a natural ventilation .
So you 're going to make a scheme that you know that most the apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with them , and then in the plant , we have all the connections for the pedestrians .
And it also responds to the local norms that we get a greater density in the higher levels and a lower density on the lower levels .
And I also believe this idea of the doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like to take the community around the building space by building .
It 's where all the neighbors , they can go down , and they can go up and do it , and make activities as a run a career of two miles on the morning , or jump from a building .
These two examples , have a common approach in the design process .
And also , they 're in the emerging countries , where you can see the cities literally grow .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in the life of people changes the communities and economies to the same rate that grow the buildings .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at the architecture looking for simple solutions , but affordable , who improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and that they have like the goal to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I had eight years , a new child came to our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
I had huge amounts of very bright hair and a small <unk> , cute , well , it was extremely strong for the face of the states , very good for <unk> .
I ended up that year , and I was full of penicillin , until you 're going to get my shame .
A day , I put a time after the school of school , it was a little late , and I came up in the bathroom of girls .
When the coast was <unk> , I went on in the classroom , I went on in the classroom , took from the table of my teacher .
And then I did it .
We 're going to get the food of my century , just a little bit , just some of the way .
All of the book , and I 'm going to give you back the book to the book , but it 's going to see , some of my friends had very good notes .
So , in a little bit , <unk> the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put them all out of <unk> , and at myself a row , just a row , just by being there , I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea came .
I do n't understand why I felt good .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never got me .
It 's that all of it was the obvious thing .
I never found me .
But about all , I 'm going to ask me the reason that this girl , so small , it was so good for them .
I 'm going to give me the reflection .
They 're so unlikely and so <unk> .
We know , we know that the babies suffer out of penicillin .
Also , the tiles are very likely .
We know that the reflection are the number of one of the number of 1953 in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that we take the loneliness , or the long duration or sadness .
That 's why you 're going to go to fiction , because the novels are like the lab in which you get the reflection in all their possible ways .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if I did n't know , it would have no literature .
Well , it would n't have a little bit of the <unk> , and it would be no .
There would n't have no king .
You would n't have Shakespeare .
It 's going to get the <unk> of school in high school , because we would be losing , `` <unk> and the <unk> , '' it would n't have `` Well , '' and it would n't have `` Well , '' and it 's <unk> , '' and `` Music . ''
Yet , there 's no short . I know that it has the answers for everything , and , in terms of the Himalayas , almost that has all .
This year , it 's going to be a hundred years of his play teacher , `` In looking at the lost time , '' the most <unk> study and also the most ordinary , and also of the ordinary , all that we could have , and thinking about it , we have the details , right ?
We think about a child trying to keep the dream .
We think it 's a <unk> <unk> in you .
We forget about how it 's that image .
We forget about what it is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia <unk> said they were so hard as a cat .
I do n't know how a cat 's <unk> , but we think it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they 're so well together , and the novel and the deserts , and the penicillin , and it 's the Senate .
It 's going to be very obvious as that the Philippines , that you get up to the person , to the person , and they are a real narrative .
No . I think we 're going to be very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when I feel a sudden .
When we feel scary , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about the life of other people , and those stories do feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel wrong .
Now , I think about the time , and the audience , we know exactly what details would be able to put it , and we looked at the knife , right ?
They make them all sorts of portraits , and that 's something that I mean I understood .
All that it makes me pleasure could give pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to look at the same thing that story , and since then , it says that every great thing that you 're going to get together in his lover , and it turns out their collection of instruments of torture in their private camera .
You have to admit that it 's <unk> and said , they were thrilled to be thrilled .
You know , the Minister of Dan would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break with it .
But you do n't have to be so excited to recognize that it 's a hard job . Right ?
They 're <unk> .
It 's an unexpected excitement .
And how do you be the reflection ?
The reflection is <unk> from information .
They use them , they use the details .
And I like the Philippines , I like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small <unk> .
The reflection of the photos are <unk> .
It 's why today is so successful .
When you 're going to get it in their reflection of jealousy , suddenly listening behind the doors and <unk> it to the heel of his lover , then those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I think you think that this is disgusting , but it 's not different at the interpretation of a ancient text or to look at a monument . ''
He says , `` It 's scientific research with real value value . ''
He 's trying to show you that the climbers can see <unk> , and they do it seem to be <unk> , but , in its way , they 're searching for knowledge , search in the truth , a painful truth . ''
The pain , the loss : these were the side of the <unk> wisdom .
He says , `` A woman who we need , that we need to be able to be able to be able to suffer , it causes in us a range of a lot more profound , and vital , which is a wise man who can happen . ''
Are you saying that we 're going to look at women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that the reflection will reveal us .
And there is some other excitement that we do , that 's so particular ?
There 's some other excitement , we 're going to get us together , and our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other excitement that will show us to look at the very peculiar intensity ?
Freud write about this more .
A day , Freud was visited by a young young young young young man that they 're doing with the idea that his wife was going on .
And Freud says that there was something strange in that man , which is not <unk> in what your wife did .
Well , she was innocent ; everybody knew .
The poor creature was under me without any cause .
But he was looking for things that he did his wife , without realize , `` April behaviors .
Did you get too much ? You 're going to get them with a man ?
Freud says that the man was becoming the <unk> of his wife .
The novels are very good in this .
And the novels describe it very well , how people do n't look at the intensity , but without accuracy .
In fact , how much more recently , we are , more , we become the way we become in the fantasy .
And for this reason , I think , the mystery will lead us to make violent acts or illegal acts .
They 're able to get them to think of very <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about me to the eight years , I recognize it , but I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news .
A woman 's woman 's woman was used to have created a false account on Facebook since the which is sent messages , horrible at itself , for a year .
For a year .
She was trying to take them back to the new girlfriend of his former son , and I have to tell you that when it or this , I mean , I think it 's a lot of luck .
Because , we 're realistic .
What huge , though , creativity . Right ?
It 's like novel .
And as a novel of a <unk> .
It 's one of my favorite .
She 's a very strange character and bright literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> , '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that you try to how the penicillin , we can solve our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , the membrane that we can be , it can be obese in a moment .
Let 's take Tom <unk> , their most famous character .
Tom <unk> goes from <unk> or want you what you 've got to take you out of your own , and <unk> what you 've ever got , and it 's under the floor , and it 's underneath the floor . ''
It 's a way .
But what we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you the whole world , so as I sometimes like .
It 's a pity , because we live in the time of loneliness .
We live in the time of penicillin .
I mean , we are good citizens of social media , where the coin is the rice ? Right ?
The novels show us ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters do always do when they 're not safe , when you 're to a mystery .
So let 's go to <unk> Street , and I ask it for me to convince them .
When people think about it , think about the <unk> of the <unk> , it 's the criminal genius .
But I 've always heard of the <unk> ] <unk> , the <unk> face of <unk> <unk> that you need to convince them , you need the genius , you need the genius of Oz , but they 're grateful .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
You need their help , but it 's <unk> , and it 's <unk> , and <unk> it in the every one of the mysteries .
But as they 're working together , something you start to change , and finally in `` The <unk> of the <unk> <unk> , '' once you 're able to get it down , and it turns out all with their solution , <unk> it , and he says , `` We 're not inappropriate , sir , sir .
We 're proud of you . ''
And it says that there 's no person in <unk> <unk> that I did n't want to make your hand .
It 's one of the few times that we see it in the story , and it seems like this very emotional . That 's also , it 's also mysterious , right ?
It seems to try the reflection as a problem of geometry , without emotion .
You know , in a minute , it 's the opposite side of <unk> .
At the minute minute you 're the same side .
Suddenly , you 're going to get a lot of that idea of being it .
Could it even be so simple ?
What happens if the climbers are really a matter of geometry , just a question where we allow us to be on the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to get rid of the others of the other .
We can take them with it .
But I like to be able to think about it .
So as we hope that that happens , we remember that we have fiction for <unk> .
It 's only fiction .
The fiction used to be on the table .
And you look at what it looks like , the <unk> , the scary took <unk> , the crazy <unk> , the <unk> .
We 're in excellent company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
The 21 of July of 1969 , he passed up there out of the Library of the past 11 and disappeared on the sea Sea .
Armstrong and Saturn were alone , but their presence in the gray surface was the <unk> of a collective process .
The program is actually the highest <unk> in the history of America in history .
To get to the moon , NASA was about 180 billion dollars a day , or four percent of the federal budget .
And it took a job to a few people in a few people , and they asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies , universities and agencies agencies .
They are people , including the knee of the next one .
But before the program is going to be <unk> , 24 men to the moon .
He came up on its surface , of which he observed after the death of Armstrong last year , it 's now the older man .
So , why were it ?
They did n't get a lot of back : <unk> kilos of old rocks , and something that the 24 <unk> later , a new sense of the things and the fragility of our common home .
Why were it ? The ideal response is that they were because the Dr. Kennedy wanted to show them , that this nation had better rockets .
But the best words of Kennedy in 1962 in 1962 in 1962 , we give us a better idea .
John Kennedy Kennedy : Some ask , why the moon ?
Why do you turn on our goal ?
And you can also ask , why would you climb the highest mountain ?
35 years ago , why fly about the Atlantic ?
Why do it play against Texas ?
We 're going to go to the moon .
We 're going to go to the moon .
We would be going to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're very simple , but they 're hard .
There 's <unk> <unk> : For them , it was not just a victory of the West on the East War .
In the time , the most strong excitement was the most strong excitement to make the optimism of the technology .
It was because it was something great being able to do it .
The landing in the moon happened to a long list of a long list of technological principles .
The first half of the 20th century produced the line line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , you 're going to get it up , and they found smallpox .
And the technology seemed to take them out of what 's called <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we ca n't go faster than a horse , or a ship with candle , but in 1969 , the epidemic of the last 10 flew at 40,000 miles .
From 1970 , any human being got to the moon .
No one has turned up faster than the epidemic of the next 10 , and the headline of optimism on the power of technology has been able to see that problems that we imagine that the technology was going to be able to go to Mars , create a clean energy , to cure cancer , or feed the world .
I remember seeing the end of the next 17 .
I had five years old , and my mother told me that I did n't take to go into the <unk> tube of the rocket Saturn .
I knew that this would be the last mission , but it was completely sure that I 'd come to see the colonies in Mars .
So that 's the thing that we started our ability to solve problems with technology , it has become a common place .
We hear it all the time .
We 've heard about the two days here , in TED .
It seems like , if the technologists were found , and they were able to be able to make it , and they were able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make it , like iPhone , applications , and social media , or algorithms that we 're going to take it .
There 's nothing bad about most of these things .
They 're discovering and our lives .
But they do n't get the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a <unk> explanation in Silicon Valley , that you know that they 've created a less ambitious companies that we get out of the years where you 're doing Intel , Microsoft , Apple , Apple .
Silicon Valley says that the markets are the guilty of guilty , in concrete , the incentives that the risk of risk of risk .
Silicon Valley says that the investment investment that you 're going to make the creation of <unk> ideas for the funding of <unk> problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think that this explanation is good enough .
It 's mostly much what 's wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when the risk of risk were in its immune point without worry about the risk of risk , they 're going to be a small investment , a lot of those who could go out in 10 years .
The <unk> . They 've always had trouble to invest in technologies as energy , who need a huge capital , which need a huge capital , and that development is long .
No , the reasons we ca n't solve the big problems are more complicated and deep .
Sometimes , we choose to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But to go to Mars , it would be a political choice that was popular , and that never happen .
We do n't look at Mars , because all the world thinks there are more important things that do on Earth .
Sometimes , we ca n't solve the big problems because the political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of the global consumption of energy consumption comes from energy sources as solar , and the wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
The coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar solar and wind , and oil is more cheap than the <unk> .
We want sources of the alternatives that they can compete in the price .
Now , the technologists , the entrepreneurs and economists are right about about what policy and international international international development of a alternative energy : mostly , a political increase in research and energy development , and some kinds of the price of coal .
But there 's no hope in the political political climate that we can see a energy policy of the United States , or international treaties that create that consensus .
Sometimes the big problems that seemed the technological , it 's going to be .
We know , we know that we 're a result that are a result of failure in food food .
But 30 years of research , we 've taught us that we 're all taught , they are political crisis that affect us the distribution of food .
The technology can improve things like the crops , or the systems for it , and we 'll have the food and food food , but there will be shy while there are bad governments .
For the last , the big problems , a solution , because we do n't understand the problem , because we do n't understand the problem .
The president of him took the war to the cancer in 1971 , but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer , some extremely resistant of cancer , some extremely resistant to treatment , and only in the last 10 years , they seem to have found effective treatments .
The hard problems are hard .
It 's not true that we ca n't solve the problems with technology .
We can , and we need , but these four elements have to be here , the political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem -- institutions have to be able to solve the solution , and we need to understand it .
The mission is going , which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems , compared to these criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not on it .
There 's no competition like in the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy that we 're going to make it hard and dangerous , and there 's not a popular mythology of science as much of exploring the solar system .
In general , you 're going to be simple .
I was just three days .
And really , I did n't even have any problem .
We 're alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get .
God knows that we do n't have the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about the confidence , and I 'm going to start with <unk> ideas that have about trust .
They 're so common that they have become <unk> of our society .
I think it 's three .
The first thing is a sense : there 's been a big decline of trust , it 's a very attractive belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third thing is a task : we should n't recover the confidence .
I think the sense , the goal , and the task has been wrong .
What I 'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a sense , a goal and a task , I think that gives a more clear idea about the subject .
First of the first thing , why people think that trust it has gone ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I 'm going to think that you can be able to see it in a few activities or institutions , and that could be on other .
I do n't have clear .
But I can go to the numbers of opinion , and the numbers of opinion are supposed to be supposed to the belief of the belief that trust it .
When you look at the numbers of time , there 's not a lot of evidence that .
I mean , the people who are going to take 20 years ago , mainly journalists and politicians , they 're still going on the same stories .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years , they 're going to be pretty reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half the way .
But it 's this enough evidence ?
And what the numbers of opinion are , of course , opinions .
What else can you see ?
What you see is the political attitudes that people do when they do certain questions .
Is it in the politicians ?
Now , if somebody asked you , `` Do you get on the <unk> ?
Did you get on the fishermen ?
Did you be in the elementary school ?
It 's probably <unk> by asking , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very clear response .
And you might say , when you 've got your question , `` Well , I trust some , but in other , but in others .
What it 's very rational .
In addition , in the real life , we tend to see the trust trust .
We do n't understand that the level of confidence that we 're going to feel for a certain guy , Mom or kinds of person , it 's going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , to say , I trust a certain teacher that I know to give the kind of reading , but in any way to drive the school .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good thing .
I could be able to trust my little friend to keep a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Come .
And if we 've got those evidence in our daily lives in the way that trust it is , why do we go on all that knowledge when we think about the confidence in the way , when we think about trust it in the way that we think about trust it .
I think the figures are very bad tools to measure the real level of real confidence , because they try to make it <unk> the good judgment of the fact that we can trust it in something or in somebody .
Secondly , what happens to the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Also , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not that the goal that I 'm <unk> .
I 'm going to have more confidence in what 's <unk> , but not what it 's not .
In the end , I 'm sure that it 's not reliable .
And I think that those people who are going to get their savings with the <unk> , called Mr. Allen , who then disappeared with them , I think , and I think , well , I think , they were too comfortable .
And more confidence is not a smart goal in this life .
It 's a lot of Haiti , or it 's a lot of intelligence , that 's the right goal .
Once you say , you say , you know , that means that what matters in the first place is not trust , but the trustworthiness .
That 's how it 's about to make a judgment on how long are people in certain aspects .
And I think that I can make a test , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are it competent ? Are you honest ? They 're responsible ?
And if we found a person , it 's competent in the wars , and it 's responsible and honest , then we have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be aware of trust .
But if , for the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but I did n't break them to get a letter to the email , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very sure that you can do certain things , but I see that they 're going to get it up their own .
And I 'm glad to say that I do n't have a lot of friends that are competent and responsible , but extremely <unk> .
If it 's , I did n't know it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before I trust .
The confidence is the answer .
The trustworthiness is what we have to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
In the last few decades , we 've been trying to build systems of <unk> systems for all kinds of institutions , professionals , officials , millions and so much , that we 're doing easier the task 's task .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work like it .
I remember once I was talking about with a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you see , the problem is that it takes more time to make the temptation that 's going to be able to do on itself . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life , and institutional , that the <unk> system that 's meant to guarantee the trustworthiness and the evidence of trustworthiness , actually is doing the opposite .
What they do is , it 's actually a work of the people who have to make hard tasks , like the percent , <unk> that , and we 're going to get the boxes . ''
You know , all of you know , you know , you know , you know , you know examples .
Everybody , all of the goal .
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if it 's going to be aware of confidence , and you 're going to get them to the people who are reliable , and if you 're able to determine if other people , government or politicians are worthy of trust .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , the simple actions , the attitudes , what it does n't do properly .
In third place , the task .
We 're going to get it to the task to rebuild the confidence , you put things into it .
It suggests that you should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a little bit .
We can do that if they 're two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But the confidence , in the end , it 's a wise , because we give them the other other people .
You ca n't rebuild what other people have given them .
You 've got to give you the enough , so you can trust you .
You have to be confident .
And that , of course , it 's because you ca n't trick it , because people , all the people , all the time .
But you also need to make a <unk> test that you 're worthy of trust .
How do it do it ?
That 's a day , in all parts , it makes the common people , the officials , the institutions , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple example .
The shop where I buy my socks says that I can be able to make it without giving explanations .
I 've got it , and it takes me the money , or the changes of the color that I want .
That 's great . I think it became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson in that .
If you get vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good test that you 're worthy of trust , and you have trust what you 're saying .
So , at the end , I think what we 're going on is not something really hard to think about .
In what people get to be in the relations , and in that framework , you can determine when , and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the beginning of the computers , we 've been able to reduce the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material and the world of the screen in the screen , the way the imagination can happen .
This separation has gone down , increasingly more and more , as a point that today is about less than one millimeter , the middle of the glass screen , and the <unk> power has become accessible to all .
But I ask me , and if you do n't have walls ?
I started imagine how it would be .
First of the first created this tool that 's going on in the digital space , so that when you 're going to be strong against the screen of its physical body .
The designers can make their ideas on 3D ideas , and the surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen .
So , with this tool , you break the barriers .
But the two hands are still on the screen .
How do you get to the inside and interact with digital information using all of the way of the hands ?
In the division of Microsoft , I was in the middle of Microsoft , with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer , and it took a small space on the keyboard in a digital area of work .
So , we put a transparent bombsight with a deep cameras to detect the fingers and the face , you can take the hands of the keyboard , get to the inside of the 3D space , and you 're going to get it down to the hands .
As the windows and the files have a location in the real space , it 's so easy as easy as you get a book of a tube .
You can look at the book , and you see lines or words with the virtual sensor that there 's the bottom of the virtual screen .
The architects can grow or rotate their models directly with the hands .
In these examples , we 're going to get in the digital world .
And if we invest the papers and we do that the digital information comes to us ?
Now , you know , many of us , we would buy it and look at things on the Internet .
Now , it does n't have to worry about .
What I 've got here is a virtual portrait on the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a sheet of the head , and you know , when the system knows the geometry of your body .
If we take this idea more far , I thought , instead of just looking at it in space , how we can do that they are physical , how we can do it and feel ?
How would it be a future ?
In the Media Lab Lab , with my <unk> tanks and my collaborator <unk> , we create this only physical researcher .
This magnet looks like a 3D attack in space in space , which means that the computer as the computer as the users can move the object anywhere within this small three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was explains gravity , and we control the movement through a combination of data , <unk> mechanical and detectors .
And to try to test the object , we 're looking at the constraints of time and space , what it wants to say that the human movements can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get back and get to reproduce and they 're going to be in the physical world .
You can teach it physically , physically , and the famous version of Michael Jordan can reproduce as a physical reality sometimes we wanted .
The students can use it as a tool to understand very complicated concepts as the movement movement , the physics , the physics , and , in the computer , or the textbooks , this is a real experience , and it 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating to change the physics of the computer is imagine how to program the world is going to change our physical activities .
As you see , the digital information is not just going to show you something , but we start to act directly about us as part of the physical world that are around us without us , we have to be able to get it from our world .
We started the talk about a barrier , but if we put that barrier , the only limit that 's our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'm going to get it to become a place for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s . ''
When I was in the first grade , the government wanted to go to a school for athletes with all the <unk> .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
And then we 're going to survive the core Revolution , so they create a lot of the way to happiness : a safe job and well .
No matter if the work would like or not .
But my dream was being a Chinese opera .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
One of opera , you have to start <unk> from very young people to learn the things , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
And so I wrote to the director of school , and a radio program .
But in any adult , you know the idea .
No adult became serious .
Just my friends , they were born , but they were kids , without authority , like me .
So it was the age of 15 years , I knew that it was too much more to train .
My dream never do .
I was afraid , for the rest of my life , one of the second kind of one was the only thing that I could overcome .
And this was so unfair .
So I 've been able to look at something else .
No one , I wanted to teach me ? Okay .
It 's <unk> books .
[ `` It 's <unk> . ''
The who were known in China , of course .
`` The Good Earth , '' it 's about the Chinese Chinese life .
And it 's not worthy .
The Bible is interesting , but weird .
That 's a subject for another day .
But the fifth prediction for me was an epiphany , `` <unk> your father and your mother . ''
`` It 's so different , I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than everybody else . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this <unk> <unk> , and to make the relationship with my parents .
So , I find it with a new culture also gave my <unk> habit habit .
It 's a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning of this map , I thought , because this is what the students in China learn .
You 've got to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map means the perspective of people .
It 's not something new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There 's the research fields as religion and literature .
It took them to them , it gives us to take a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought that if you read it , it works to investigate , why do n't we do it also in the daily life ?
So it was that I started read books .
And you can be from people , and I 'm going to be from people .
For the tea , it 's economic , policy and spiritual .
By the Buddha , they 're all psychological : lust , fear and the social thing -- Interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read their favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The <unk> path '' Thomas <unk> ] <unk> ] <unk> ] <unk> ] instead of using the translation , found that you can win a lot of it .
For instance , it 's through the translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` Good joy . ''
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . ''
The books turned up a magic door to connect with people in the past and the present .
I know that I 'm not going to feel like I used to feel like I used to feel like .
It makes a really good dream really is nothing compared to what many other have suffered .
I 've got to believe that the belief is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is connect with the place that they come on the dreams , where the passion comes , where it comes to happiness .
They can make it a lot of me , you can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books , which I 'm here , happy , living with purpose and clearly , most of the time .
So , the books always get them .
Thank you .
Thank you Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client of diarrhea .
I was a typical student in psychology in Berkeley .
She was a woman of 26 years called Alex .
Alex went to the first session using <unk> , and a <unk> <unk> , it came up in the couch couch , and he said that I wanted to talk about their problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so stupid .
My partner of class had a <unk> as the first client .
And I had a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I created that I could use it .
But I did n't .
With the stories , you 're going to make it , you 're going to get it to the patient , it 's made it easy to move the head while you 're doing the solution .
`` The year are the <unk> . ''
You start working after , it 's home after , it has children later , and the death happens after .
It 's going to focus like Alex and I had time .
But a little later , my secretary to get me to fly to the Alex who talk about their lifestyle .
I told me .
I said , `` Of course , it 's coming up with these guys underneath his category , they get married with a <unk> head , but it 's not as if it was going to marry it . ''
And then my party said , `` I still do n't , but maybe you get back with the next .
In addition , the best time to work on marriage 's marriage is before you get married . ''
This is what psychologists call a moment , `` Hey ! ''
It was when I realized that we 're doing it 's not the new <unk> .
Yeah , the people sit after what it 's used , but this did n't make the <unk> of Alex were a pause in their development .
This did that the <unk> of Alex was the perfect moment , and we were broken .
And so I realized , this kind of destructive presentations was a real problem , and I had a real consequences , not just for Alex and his lifestyle , and the families and the future of all sides .
There are 50 million <unk> in the United States , today .
This means about 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you think nobody comes to the age without going before for the <unk> .
Raise your hand if you 're in their <unk> .
I want to see the slides here .
Oh , yeah ! It 's amazing .
If they 're working with it , they love a <unk> , you give them up the dream of it , I want to see it . It 's fine , and I want to see .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen to 35 years .
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments , `` Hey , '' that you give their life , you have been past for when they have 30 and many .
The most of 40 , they 're not flying it .
This audience is going to be well , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career , they have a exponential impact on the amount of money that we do .
We know that more than half of the Americans are married , they live , they live , they live , and they 're coming up with their future .
We know that the brain ends his second , and last stage of growth in their <unk> and <unk> for the age , which means that if there 's something that you want to change themselves , now it 's the moment to change it .
We know that the personality changes more times for their <unk> that in any other time of life , and we know that the women is going to their top to the 28 , and things get complicated to 35 .
The <unk> are the moment to incorporate on their body and their options .
When we think in the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment in which your daily life and common has a <unk> impact on the person that will become .
But what we do n't hear about is that there 's something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what the ones are hearing .
The newspapers they 're talking about changes in the line of the time of the age of age .
The researchers call them a massive adolescence .
The journalists <unk> names to the <unk> as `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've been considered a little bit of what 's actually the decade of the age .
They 're going to say that to get big things , you need a plan and not enough time .
Is n't it right ?
What do you think about it , when you give them to a <unk> on your head and they say , `` You have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
It does n't happen .
They put it to that person , the sense of urgency and their ambition , and it 's not absolutely nothing .
And then all the days , smart , interesting , interesting as you or their children and daughters get to my office and they say something like this : `` I know that my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't know .
Or they say , `` You all say that as I start a career before the 30 , everything will be well . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this : `` My <unk> are <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had the day I graduated the day that I graduated . ''
And then it starts to sound something like this : `` My title for the <unk> were like the game game .
They all were running up and <unk> , but then at some point around the 30 , it took the music and everybody started sitting .
I did n't want to be the only thing to be read , so sometimes I think I was married with my husband because he was the most curious chair when I had 30 . ''
Where are you here here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds like a little end , but not the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for them , there 's a huge pressure at the 1950s , and so many of you start a career , I choose a city , choose a city , choose a city , and have two or three kids in a long time .
Many of these things are not compatible , and there 's research that you start to show , which is a lot more difficult and stressful to do all of a time .
The average crisis is not about buying red cars .
It 's what you ca n't have the career you can do now .
You realize that you ca n't have the son that you want to do now , or you ca n't give a brother to your son .
Many <unk> and <unk> you see themselves , and I 'm sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , and talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? ''
I want to change what you 're doing , and thinking .
Here 's a story of how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman called Emma .
For 25 , Emma came to my office because I was , in their own words , having a identity crisis .
He said that I 'd like to work in art or at entertainment , but it still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a little bit like you .
As it was more cheap , alive with a guy who was more likely to have a lot of the most understood .
And despite you live a very difficult thing , their previous life had been even harder .
It 's often often in our sessions , but then you 're going to say it , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose their friends . ''
Well , one day , he took his head on their legs and I cried for almost all the hour .
I just had to buy a new call for me , and I had spent all the morning , and there was the whole morning , with their many contacts , but then it turned out watching the vacuum space that 's still after the words `` In case , please . ''
I was at the point of this when I saw , and he said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care if it 's cancer ? ''
At that time , I took a lot of work , and I do n't say , `` I do . ''
And what I needed it was not a <unk> that 's actually worried .
He needed a better life , and I knew that this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot of that I worked with Alex as to just sit as the years of Emma .
So for the next few weeks , and months , I said to send me three things that all of them , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I said , I said , I said , I said , I told me that that crisis , and <unk> capital of identity .
For identity of identity , I mean to do something that we did on value .
You do something that is a investment where you want to be after .
I did n't know the future of the career of Emma , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : capital of identity generates capital of identity .
So now it 's the moment for that work of the other side of the country , of the country of the country , of that company that you want to test .
I 'm not taking a <unk> exploration , I 'm sitting the exploration that I should n't tell , that , by the way , it 's not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said , I said , I said , I said , I said , I said , I 'm going to count it .
Two , I told me that the urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you to the airport , but the <unk> that they get together with friends with similar minds in how they know , what do you think , how they think , how they 're talking about , how they 're talking about , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who are going to get out of the outside of their circle .
And the new things come out of what they call <unk> , friends of friends of friends .
Yeah , the half of them have a bad job or not have work .
But the other half , not , and the weak functions are the way of <unk> to this group .
The half of the jobs we created , then , to meet the boss of your neighbor is the way to get a job , did n't published it .
It 's not making it . It 's the science of how information is happening .
For the last but not less important , Emma believed that you do n't choose their family , but I know their friends .
This was true when I was growing , but like <unk> , send them soon to her family .
I said , I told you that the time to choose your family had come .
Maybe you think about 30 is the best age to sit on the head that the 20 or even 25 , and I 'm okay with you .
But I choose to choose the person that you live now , or you 're going to get them now when you 're all on Facebook , you start to walk up to it is not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have , and that means that it means to be so brutal in love as you 're in work .
And they 've got to be a conscious choice of who , and what you want to do instead of just to do it work or kill time with , who you do n't do .
So what happened with Emma ?
Well , we looked at that morning , and she found the <unk> of a cousin that I worked in a art museum in the other state .
This weak link helped you get a job there .
And that 's a piece of work , he gave a reason to leave it with the life that lived .
Now , five years later , it 's particularly special events in museums .
So , this guy with a man who decided it .
I love their new career , you love their new family , and I send me a letter that was saying , `` Now , now the spaces of climate lives are not enough enough . ''
The story of Emma can sound easy , but that 's what I love to work with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help .
It 's like airplanes that come out of the airport of Los Angeles , who come back to some of the West .
Right before I read it , you 're going to think about their trajectory makes the difference between land in Alaska or <unk> .
In the same way , the 21 or 25 and the 25 and even the 29 , a good conversation , a good talk , a good TED talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the other generations .
Here 's my idea of spreading all the <unk> that you know .
It 's so simple as what I learned to tell you .
It 's what now I have the privilege to tell you to show it all the days : <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their age , <unk> their age , to use their <unk> , to use their weak .
You do n't leave to define why they did n't know or what they did n't .
They 're making their life today .
Thank you .
When I had 27 years old , I left a very unlikely work in <unk> <unk> by a job that was still more likely to be even more likely .
I was going to teach you to teach us to teach mathematics in the middle of New York City .
And as any teacher , I took tests and test .
I give them tasks .
When the job comes back , they 're going back .
What I call me about it was that the dream was that the dream . It was not the only difference between my best , and my worst students .
Some of the who had a better performance they had a better performance .
A few of my kids more smart kids were not going to be so well .
And that 's going to think .
The kind of things that you need to learn in math in seven degrees , sure , they 're hard , it 's hard , <unk> , the area of a Rover .
But these concepts are not impossible , and I was so convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and for time for time .
After several years , I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of the students and learning from a test perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know how to measure it .
It 's the <unk> , but what happens if you have successful in school and it depends on a lot more than the ability to learn in a quick and easy way ?
So I left the classrooms , and I went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios , and in every study my question was , who has successful here , and why ?
My research team , and I went to the <unk> Academy .
We tried to predict what <unk> <unk> in military training , and who are <unk> .
We went to the National Institute of <unk> , and we 're trying to predict what children would be able to do it in the competition .
We studied teachers who are working in really hard , so hard , what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those , who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students ?
We associate with private companies , asking , what of these guys are going to keep your job ?
And who is going to earn more money ?
In all of these very different contexts , it took an feature as an important effect of success .
And it was not social intelligence .
It was n't the good appearance , the physical health , and it was n't the hut .
It was the determination .
The determination is passion and perseverance to reach very long goals .
The determination is to have resistance .
The determination is to break their future , day after day , not just the week , not just for the week , not just for the week , but for years , and working hard to do that future reality .
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a career to the whole speed .
A few years ago , I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students who did my chances of determination and then waiting about over a year to see who are <unk> .
It turns out that kids with the most determination , they had significantly more likely to say , even when we put them into every feature that I could measure , things like the familiar income , the results of the technical test , even the results that they felt when they were in school .
So it 's not only in West 's West or in the National Institute of <unk> where the determination matters , it 's also in school , especially for the kids in risk of <unk> .
For me , the most exciting thing about determination is the little thing that we know , it knows the science about their development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do you create the determination in the kids ?
What do I have to do to teach the kids a <unk> work ?
How do I keep it for the long term ? ''
The most honest response is : I do n't know , I know it is that the talent do n't realize it .
Our data show very clearly that there are a lot of talented individuals that just do n't continue to go together with their patents .
In fact , in our data , the determination we 're able to do n't do or it 's even going to be able to bring them into the talent .
And so far , the best idea I 've heard about develop the determination in the kids , it 's something called the growth of growth . ''
This is an idea we developed in the University of Stanford by London <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn it , is that it can change the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when the kids read , and they learn about the brain and how changes and it grows and grows in the response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to get them when they fail , because they do n't think that it is a permanent condition .
So the growth of growth is a big idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where I end my speech , because that 's where we 're .
That 's the work that we have in front .
We need to take our best ideas , our stronger intuitions , and we need to deal .
We need to measure if they have been successful , and we have to be willing to fail , to be able to start it all again with the lessons .
In other words , we need to be true about making our kids are more than .
Thank you .
It 's in Taiwan , like the daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother , the way and the shape of the Chinese characters .
From that moment , I 'm going to get it through this amazing language .
But for a practice , it seems to be so sexy as the Great Wall of China .
In the last few years , I 've been asking if I can take this wall , so that I think that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it .
I started thinking about how a new method and fast to learn Chinese might be useful .
Since I had five years , I started to learn to how to draw each of the oil of each of them in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
We just have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster way , and simple .
There 's a Chinese community , <unk> 20 characters .
You just need a thousand to understand the basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read in traffic signals , in front of restaurants , to understand the basic idea of the website or the newspapers .
I start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open their mouth as much as it 's possible until it 's a square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to give you a walk .
It 's <unk> .
If the fire of fire is a person with arms in both sides , as if I was screaming in a way , and it was screaming in a way , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol actually is sitting on the way of the call , but I like to believe that it 's about the other way .
This is a tree .
These tree tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of <unk> in the old West .
I call these beautiful characters .
They 're building building so they think many more characters .
A person .
If somebody walk back back , that 's `` follow . ''
As the old said , two are company , three are a crowd .
If one person would release your arms , this person 's saying , `` It was so big . ''
The person within the mouth , the person is stuck .
It 's a prisoner , as <unk> within the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
You put a table under the tree , we have the foundations .
You put a mouth on the tree , that 's a call . ''
Remember the fire ?
Two together , it 's very hot .
Three .
They put the fire under the two trees , that 's burn .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two are together .
Three together , those are Z .
You know the sun , and the moon , together , that 's the skull .
It also means morning , after a day and one night .
The sun goes on the horizon .
A door . You put a board within the door , it 's the <unk> of the door .
You put a mouth inside the door , to make questions .
He got , there 's somebody in home ?
This person 's coming out of a door , it 's going up , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , they have care of it .
So we 've been through almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight to allow them to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters build others .
So with each small effort , it will be able to learn a couple of characters , which is the same thing that you learn a Chinese of eight years .
So after I know the characters , we started create sentences .
For instance , the mountain and the fire together , we have a fire mountain . It 's a volcano .
We know , Japan is the land of the sun sun .
This is a sun put up with the origin , because Japan is the one of China .
So a sun on the origin , we create Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left is two mountains one about the other .
In the ancient China , that meant in pneumonia , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> to their political enemies there .
Today , the reproduction has become gone on .
A mouth that you tell you where you 're going to get out of it is a way .
This is a slide to remind you that I need to leave you to talk to talk to you , and you 'll go on the stage . Thank you .
What I 'm going to be dad is the movies that I 'm going to see .
I love to share my favorite movies with my kids , when my daughter was four years , we saw the magician of Oz together .
And the film we took their imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic question .
But to see that movie so many times , you 're going to understand that it 's extraordinary .
Now we live and we bring our kids in a kind of industrial complex complex .
However , the magician 's magician was a event in itself .
It did n't start that tendency .
And the tendency really took up for a few years later with , interestingly , another movie whose attributes whose mentioned , a <unk> boy , a <unk> boy and a <unk> boy , and a <unk> boy .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yeah .
There 's a great difference between these two movies , there 's a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies we see today .
One is that there 's a very few violence in the magician 's magician .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the actor .
But I think that if the magician 's magician would be seen today , the magician would say , it 's , you 're the worst of Oz as the Philippines .
You 're going to make magical shoes to try to try to bring them into the <unk> , and it 's going to bring them through the way of the <unk> .
But that 's not what happens .
Another thing of the magician 's magician is that the youngest characters , wise , and they 're able to convey it .
I started to notice this when I did this when I did my daughter to my daughter , a few years ago , and the situation was different .
At the time , I had a son .
In just three years .
It was n't invited to call it because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the <unk> level had come up . So , it 's on the room , and he turned down as a mom , and he turned out like a mom who was a leg leg with his <unk> behind , and I do n't think that he 's going to know what it was going on , but it 's going to
I 'm asking me what to be a lot .
Would you be the value of value , perseverance and loyalty ?
Would you feel the feeling that we compare it to a army to save the government ?
Let 's show this with the magician 's magician .
How do it make the film ?
In fact , well , they 're going to be a little bit of them with all , and it 's a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my kids to do , right ? And not a world of men who fight , which is where we are .
Why is so much of a lot of force capital , the force in the movies for our children , and so little of the way of the yellow bathroom ?
There 's a lot of literature about the impact of the other movies movies in girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
I know by the experience that the rainforest is not giving me the right framework that I had been used to navigate by the world of adults who are seeing , I think that in the moment of the first kiss , I really expected that the people would think , because it 's the end of the film , right ?
My search has finished , I have girlfriend .
Why are you going on there ?
I do n't know what I need to do .
And the movies are focused on the ministers and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like if you 're going to be a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a bunch of memory .
There 's a lot of exceptions , and they defend the <unk> of Disney to any of you .
But you send a message to the kids , although they , kids , they 're not really its goal .
They make a phenomenal job to teach the girls how to defend them against the Ecuador , but not necessarily show the kids how to defend the Ecuador .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some big women who write new stories for our children , so real and a lot of it as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't leave it out of a war movies .
Of course , the most successful issue of all the time continues in classical after classical members , every one of them about the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who would be able to make a child .
So , as many of you 're thinking , this year , he looked at <unk> .
I love all of you . It 's available in shops .
Remember what he said , when he went on ?
I ca n't believe that it 's been made a movie of a button .
It 's very good . Do n't let it happen !
Well , almost any of these movies on the test of <unk> .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
They still have no roots , and it looks like , but maybe we 're doing a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a group of Uganda , and in the 1980s , I had a conversation that had had a friend about the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There 's just three questions that you need to be done : In the movie , there 's more than a female character that have lines ?
So , you have to get the requirement .
These women are talking about each other of the movie ?
Their conversations are about something else of the boy that they like ? Okay ? Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and talk about things .
I 've seen it . I 've seen , and yet I can see it in the movie that we know , and we love it .
In fact , this week I went to see a very good movie , <unk> .
Right ? It 's <unk> 's success , an idea of a consensus of what 's an Hollywood Hollywood movie .
It 's not going , not about the <unk> test .
And I do n't think that it 's , because a lot of the film , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the film happens in a regime where men and women are dying for the crisis of the droughts .
We have a lot of men who have a deep conversations that have deep conversations , and it 's the great moment for a day , and it 's the great time for a day for a day , and say , `` <unk> to the bed , honey ? ''
This is Hollywood .
So let 's look at numbers .
In 2011 , of the most popular movies , how many of them believe that they have a word ?
They 're not wrong .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women that we 've chosen recently for Congress , then it 's fine .
But there 's a greater number that this is going to forget this room .
Last year , the New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one of every five women says that it 's been able to spend in their life .
I do n't think it 's the religious entertainment .
I do n't think the movies to have something to see with that .
I do n't think that the music of music or pneumonia are closely closely , but something is wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things that I think is that there 's a great amount of sex .
Who are those guys ? What are you learning ?
What do n't you learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that he says that the paper of a male hero is trying to be able to bring it with violence and then the reward , which is a woman who did n't have friends and not talk about ?
We 're doing that story ?
You know , as a parent with the privilege to raise a daughter as those of you who are doing the same , we found this world , we found this world , and this very scary statistic .
We have a tools to us , as <unk> <unk> , and we hope that that will help , but I have to ask it , <unk> <unk> , it 's going to protect them if , at the same time , it 's going to make our kids to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think the list of orange is a way to do something really important , and here I mean about parents .
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of anthropology .
The definition of the mask is changing radically .
You 're read about how the new economy is changing the paper that 's going to take out of the home and <unk> .
Everything is changing .
When I asked my daughter to my daughter , which was his favorite character 's favorite character .
It 's <unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What is in common these two ?
Maybe it 's not just the brilliant dress .
I think it 's experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than no one , and I love to share their knowledge with other people to get their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want to least stories that I say to my son : Go down and the more stories where you see their work is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , to help other people to improve and be better people , like the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
In a child , living in Maine , and one of the things that I was going to be looking for a sea cookies on the shores of Maine , because my parents told me that I would give me .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're looking at sand and it 's hard to see it .
However , with the time , I put them to them .
I started seeing ways and patterns that helped me <unk> .
And this became a passion for finding things , in a love for the past and <unk> .
And finally when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I see with my own eyes was not enough .
Because as soon , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up at one of almost <unk> miles away with the road .
It had grown into the size of cities .
This is really what I took me to use images .
To try to do a map of the past , I knew that I had to see another way .
I want to show you a example of how different we see , we see the phase .
This is a few place in the West of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in the simple view , it seems to be brown , but when we use the infrared , and we 're going to make it using a false color , suddenly it looks like very bright .
What you 're seeing is the actual brain changes the actual landscape for the gene materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used the satellite data to find a old <unk> city , called <unk> , they had been planning for thousands of years .
It was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Empire of the Middle Empire about 4,000 years .
The place in the <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of the ancient art of the ancient art , architecture and religion .
The <unk> have always noticed that I was shy in some place about the notions of the two kings that they were built , <unk> within the red circles here , but in some place within this huge <unk> .
This area is huge , it 's about about six miles .
Before , the <unk> , right at the side of <unk> , and as it changed with the time , I moved to the time , I moved to this and covered the whole city .
So how do you find a whole city in a whole landscape ?
I 'm going to try you to think it would be the equivalent of the equivalent of a needle in a curator , with the eyes , and using baseball gloves .
So , we use data from NASA to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see why we 're going to make it .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this is even more interesting , this is a slightly soft area that you see within the circle here , that we think that could be the location location .
So we 're doing with scientists in Egyptians , making jobs , you can see here .
When I tell you , it 's like the sample of shows in ice , but instead of climate change , we 're looking at layers of human information .
Five feet down , underneath a <unk> layer , we found a dense layer of <unk> objects .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five feet down , we have a layer of information in several hundred years that I 'm going to get from the Middle Empire , exactly the same period that we think it 's <unk> .
We also found <unk> jobs , and it 's <unk> , and it shows that there had a jewelry workshop .
This might seem that it 's not a lot , but when we think about the most common rocks used in the ancestor of the Middle hemisphere , these are the rocks that were used .
So , we have a very dense layer of Finland that data on the hemisphere in this place .
We also have any evidence of a elite gallery , which shows that what 's been there , it was a very important city .
We did n't find it up here , but we 're going to get the place in a very close future .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of the satellite technology so that they can also make big discoveries .
I want to end up with my favorite quote in the Middle hemisphere , probably was written in <unk> .
Let me share the knowledge is the highest of all the <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on land .
So as it seems , TED was n't founded in 1984 <unk> C .
You ask the ideas really started in 1984 , and they do n't get a lot of time and found from the high time .
You 've been able to put you to put the search of buses .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close the eyes .
Imagine it outside , in front of the <unk> door .
I 'd like to take it to the color of the door , the material that 's made .
Now , let 's take a group of <unk> obese .
They 're competing in a <unk> race , and they 're going to make your head door .
I need to see this really .
They 're <unk> , they 're killed , they 're getting a lot .
And it goes on front of the door of his house .
There 's bicycles flying around all parts , wheels that they go on their side , it goes on the wheels that they end up in <unk> places .
The lobby , the hall , or what 's the other side of the door , and look at the quality of light , and you see the quality of light .
It 's <unk> .
From his chair , about a brown horse .
It 's a horse that talks .
You can feel their blue node , you can get them on the nose .
You can smell the cookie cookie , and you 're going to spend that it 's about the mouth .
He 's like a side of the side and put it to the way to be .
In the room , and they 're doing a lot of their imagination , imagine , they 're imagine .
It 's with my clothes , dancing about his <unk> <unk> , and he said , `` You know , `` You know , I 'm going to be a couple of Christmas . ''
Now , I remember the kitchen .
The floor has been covered with a <unk> way , and from the oven come to you , and from the oven , and the <unk> of <unk> , the <unk> , the <unk> , and the <unk> of the <unk> , '' and you know .
Okay . Your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that it takes every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> of the United States . ''
I was going to cover this event about a few years ago , like journalist , waiting , I guess , that this was like the end of a <unk> .
There were several men and a few men of different ages and different habits of hygiene .
They had hundreds of random numbers , just just once .
It 's <unk> the names of tens and tens of strangers .
It 's <unk> poems in just minutes .
You 're going to see it to see who I could distribute it with more fast the order of a deck of a deck .
And I thought , `` This is amazing . ''
These people must be phenomena of nature .
And I started talking about some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed verbs who had come from England and that has one of the best memories .
I said , `` Ed , when you realize you were a wise ? ''
Ed said , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have a average memory .
All of the ones who are involved in this competition , they say that they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to make these <unk> acts of memory using a few ancient techniques using a few months ago in Greece , and the same techniques that we used to convey their speeches , and that organized tumors were used to recruit her books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How do n't you heard about this before ? ''
We were sitting out of the competition of competition , and Ed , who 's a wonderful English English and bright , although a little bit , he said , `` Josh , you 're a American journalist .
Do you know ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to show you to make it , how you 're doing the order on the order in a deck of college , in TV television , in national television .
That 's going to see the world that you can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not supposed to say , but maybe you can teach me .
Or it 's , you have to start for something ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
I ended up going on the most part of the year of the next year not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what it can be their potential .
I met a lot of people really interesting .
This is a man called <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very probably with the worst memory in the world .
Their memory was so bad that I did n't even assumed that I had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
And it was a incredibly tragic , but it was a window that lets us see , and what our memory makes us that we are .
In the other end of the spectrum I met this man .
So this is Kim <unk> . In the middle of <unk> <unk> in the film `` <unk> Man . ''
We spent a evening together in the public library of my Indian City City , and it was a bit of the phone .
And I 'll go back , it 's a number of concern about memory , written something more than two years in Latin , in <unk> and then in the Age .
And I learned a lot really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having memory , <unk> , it was n't one thing as you can think about it as well as you can find it as well as you can find it today .
A long time , people get up in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made our modern world , but they also have changed .
They have been similar , and I would argue that they 've changed the same things .
As we have almost no need to remember , sometimes it seems that we 've forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places in our planet where you still find people inspired by this idea of a memory of a working memory , <unk> , it 's this very extraordinary competition .
It 's actually not so exciting ; there 's how this is in all the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do these people do .
A few years ago , a group of the University University of London invited a group of memory , the lab .
They wanted to know , it 's going to be brains in some way , structural or different animals of the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
They 're the more smart than the rest ?
They gave them an cognitive test , and the answer was actually , not .
There were yet , a really interesting difference between the brains of memory 's brains , and the other kinds of other people who are in .
When you put them into a MRI machine , <unk> their brains as <unk> numbers , expensive and forms of snow , they found that in the memory of memory , different parts of the brain , different people .
In effect , they used , or seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves space and navigation .
Why is something that we can learn from this ?
So , the tournament of the competitive , you know , as a health race in where every year is somebody with a new way to remember more things , more fast , and then the rest of the competitors , you have to put the day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times of memory .
In his desk , in front of it , there 's 36 <unk> <unk> , which he 's about trying to convince them in a hour , using a technique that he invented , and that just he 's called it .
He used a similar technique to recruit the precise order of <unk> digits .
A hour . Yes .
And as there 's a big amount of ways to remember things in these way , absolutely all the techniques used to the end of the end of the end of the end that psychologists call <unk> . ''
It 's curious with a paradox known known as the paradox `` <unk> . ''
That 's the past .
And then I ask you , `` Remember that there 's a <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I wonder , `` Remember that word I told you a while ? ''
`` Remember what was ? ''
The person who said that its name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who said that their job is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different capacity I remember , that 's weird .
What about here ?
Well , the name comes , actually does n't mean anything for you .
And with all the other memories that they put on their head .
But the word , `` <unk> . ''
They 're using white white names .
They have <unk> in the hands .
It 's okay when they come home to work .
You probably know some later .
And when you get that word for the first time , we started put <unk> <unk> for <unk> <unk> at some time .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this about a few years ago in Greece , in Greece .
It 's known as the harmony of memory . ''
The story says this : There were a poet called <unk> that I was going to a meal .
They had been surprised as entertainment , because before , if you wanted to give a very good party , you do n't get to a DJ , it would be asked to a poet .
He put it up , you 're going to get your memory memory , and it turned up , and so soon it was , the classroom in the city is released , the room in the city .
They took all .
But not only the killed all , but they 're going to take the bodies of them .
No one could say who I was there , no one could remember where they were sitting .
And so you could n't take the <unk> .
A tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , sitting outside , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , photographed the eyes , and I realized that with the eyes of their mind , I could see where I had been sitting in every first .
I took the family of the hand <unk> where they were their loved things on the rubble .
And what we 're going to get rid of that moment is something that we all know more or less abstract , and it 's that without matter if we 're not good to remember names or numbers of telephone or the word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and space .
If you get them to tell me that the first 10 words of the story that I 've just talked about <unk> , it 's very likely to find it very hard to do it .
But I 'm going to notice that if you get them to say who I was sitting on the horse is sitting on your lobby , it would be capable of <unk> .
The idea of the memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and <unk> images with things that you want to remember , the most crazy , crazy , funny , <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> is the image of being .
This is a advice that 's about 2,000 years ago , the first memory of memory , in Latin .
And how do it work ?
Let 's say that you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk , and they want to do it with memory , in the same way that had done it , if they had invited to be done if they had invited to make it about 2,000 years ago .
What you might do is imagine that they 're in the door of his house .
And let 's start some kind of absolutely ridiculous image , crazy and simple to help you to remember that the first thing you want to mention is that perfect competition .
And then you can imagine in your house , and you see the <unk> of the <unk> of <unk> , Ed .
And that 's what you remember that you want to introduce their friend Ed Ed .
And then you would see it , you would see it , you 're going to remind you that anecdote funny that you want to count .
And then I went down in the kitchen , and the fourth issue that you 're going to be the strange journey that they did for a whole year , and they have some friends to help you to remember .
So , it 's like the British speakers , you know , you know , `` It 's a word for the word , that it 's going to play it , but it 's typical for a typical .
In fact , the typical term , it comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a bunch of when people thought about the <unk> and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms .
The phrase in the first place , it would be like the first place in its memory memory .
I saw that this was just fascinating , and I got up with me on that .
I went to some of these memory of memory , and I had the idea of writing something on this <unk> <unk> .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory of memory is a boring event .
In serious , it 's how to see a lot of people sitting there , and I mean , that the most exciting thing that happens is when somebody would get on the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to write about something .
I know that there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell you this story , I needed to try to put it in their place .
So I started 15 or 20 minutes all the morning , before we sit at the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem . Or the names of a ancient school 's names , bought in a <unk> market .
And I discovered that this was <unk> fun .
I had to expect it .
It was funny , because it 's not just just to train memory .
What it 's actually going to do is to make it is improve each time to create and imagine these specific images , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and having <unk> , in the eye of the mind .
I was pretty close to this .
This is me , using my medical team for the memory of memory .
It 's a couple of <unk> , and some of the safety of security with tape , leaving only two <unk> , because the node is the worst enemy of a memory of memory .
I ended up back back to the same competition that I had covered a year before , I had the idea that I could come on , in a kind of experiment , in a kind of artificial experiment .
I thought this could be a good deal for all my research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the competition , something I had to happen .
Of course , it 's cute able to be able to connect them , and the numbers of telephone , and it 's actually this is not the point .
These are so as just the tricks .
Because it 's based on a very basic principles about how the brain works .
And it 's not necessary that you 're going to build the memory of memory or <unk> <unk> , to benefit with a little bit about how your mind works .
We 're often talking about people with a great memory as if you were able to be able to be able to be able to play , but it 's not the case .
The big memories will get up .
The most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
It 's when we 're going to be deeply .
The harmony of memory -- these memory memory , are just guilty .
In fact , they do n't even think about it .
They work because they make it <unk> .
We 've got a deep processing , a kind of deep processing , that most of most of the majority that most of most of it is not <unk> .
But the reality is that there 's no reflection .
This is how things do n't make it .
And if there 's something that I want to leave you with today , it 's what you 're going to get on , the <unk> that I ca n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much we 're willing to lose what we 're already our short existence , and you know , it 's not paying attention to being human to us , who went to our side , who goes on our side . We 're going to be so <unk> that we do n't even get them in a deep process ?
I learned in the first hand , that there are amazing people who have amazing memory in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you need to be the kind of person who remember to remember .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover over 18 minutes .
It 's a complex issue , so we 're going to take just a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm a lady , but I had six years and alive there in my parents in my parents in a village called <unk> , and this was my bedroom bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom who share with my sister .
And in my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a pleasure that was going to be .
And there 's all over the while you see the TV , so every time I went from my bedroom room , you all see it , and every time that I 'm going to get me and went back and went back in a towel , you all see me .
And I was like this .
It was awkward , and I hated it .
It 's going to say that , I hated that whale , I hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Okay .
Those feelings , those emotions who felt like , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , and that architecture is not about mathematics , and of those <unk> connections , the emotional , that we feel in the places that we do .
And it 's not a wonder that we feel about that way , because that 's right with the heel of 2014 , the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the roof .
Or the 90 percent of the time we 're surrounded in architecture .
That 's a lot .
The architecture determines in ways that we do n't even realize it .
That makes us a little bit , and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what you 're going to say , you think about it : think of the power , '' `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know what they think about it in a building built years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that uses the architects to create a emotional connection with the ways that we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long time .
We use 200 years to build banks .
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century in America , we use it to build houses .
Look at it , these stable <unk> , solid , in the sea , from the sea .
This is very , very useful , because build things is scary .
It 's expensive , it takes a long time , and it 's very complicated .
The people who build it , and governments and governments , they always have fear to innovation , and they prefer to use ways that you know that you 're going to work .
So we found up with buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the Stanford Library that it ended up in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it has a dome ; it has this close , and it has this little bit , and it has this little bit on the columns , columns , they 're going to leave you what it 's supposed to communicate with this building : kids , values ,
But it does n't have a lot to see with a library of today .
That year , in 2004 , the other side of the country , it ended up another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use the media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet , read and share .
So , how is possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both of the two buildings , both we 're both libraries .
And the answer is that architecture works in the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side of the innovation , the architects that constantly provide new technologies , new jobs , new solutions for the forms of life .
<unk> , we 're going to take them so much , that we 're getting all around people .
All of black , this is a lot of them , you think we feel very well , but we 're dead in because we do n't have another option .
We have to go on the other side , and I 'll come back with those symbols .
So we 're doing it , and we 're all happy , but we 're all happy , and we 're thinking about it , so we started thinking about , so we start to experience again , we 're going to be able to be able to do it , and we 're doing it in the last 30 years , and of course , in the last 30
Well , 30 years ago , we went from the 1950s .
The architects were busy with the call `` <unk> . ''
It has to see with the concrete .
You can guess .
They 're small , in scale scale .
Something really hard .
So , we go back to the '80s , and we started creating those symbols .
You 're going to get the pendulum again in the other direction .
We take those ways we know that I like and the <unk> .
And we 're going to call it up , and we 're going to bring up and we use new materials .
I love it .
We do n't give them <unk> .
And we took them <unk> , and we turn them up in Nairobi , which can be <unk> .
The forms of the forms , they won , and they won it up and ugly .
We became the columns .
They 're going to grew up to the size of the buildings .
It 's crazy .
But they were the '80s , that was great .
We all move the while in commercial centers , we moved to the neighborhoods , and there , in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural researcher .
They could be to the Mediterranean , the French , or the <unk> .
You ca n't get a bunch of bread .
This is what 's happening with <unk> .
This is what happens with the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , we can bring memories of other places .
I know very well , and all of you know , that this is not the storyteller .
This is Ohio .
The architects feel frustrated , and we started doing it , we start to make it a new calendar in the other direction .
In the '80s and the early 1990s , we started experience with the call called <unk> .
And we 've got the historical symbols ; we now tell you with new techniques of design , and we found it with new grass , and we found a lot of ways that are going on with other ways .
This is a academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you 've got a whole thing .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> again .
But then it happened something amazing :
In 1997 , you get this building .
It 's the headline of Bilbao , of Frank Gehry .
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of these rare moments when that critics , academics and public in general , they were completely aware about a building .
The New York Times Times this construction construction .
The tourism in Bilbao grew up in a hundred percent when they ended up the building .
So suddenly , all the world wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , in Seattle , Chicago , Chicago , Chicago , New York , <unk> , <unk> .
Everybody wanted you , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star .
But how is it possible that these forms , wild and radical , how it 's possible to become the world around the world ?
And it happened , because the media are <unk> around them and quickly we learned that those forms of culture and tourism .
We 've created a emotional reaction with these ways .
And the same thing they did the main conclusion of the world .
So you all think that if they had these ways , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon of the new line happened with another star .
And I went back to it , and what happened with these few elite architects in the system of the new leopard , actually started to happen with all architecture , the digital media started increase the speed of information consumption .
Think , for example , how they apply architecture .
A few years ago , you would have to be walking up to the next village to see a building .
You can see it , you can take a ship , a plane , can be frozen .
We can see it in the newspapers , in TV , and at the end , and the end , we 're all photographers of architecture , and the building is becoming beyond their physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now , that means that the speed of the communication has has reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture is moving as fast .
It 's not very much time to think about a building .
You need a lot of time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , a architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings , before I designed , if that I designed about four years was a success or not .
Because it has never been good feedback in architecture .
So it 's how we find with buildings like this .
The <unk> was not a <unk> movement , but about 20 years .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much the <unk> .
That 's never going to go back . I think , because we 're in the threshold of the most revolution in architecture from the invention of the <unk> , the steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when you apply the villagers to the media , it starts to take each time faster , until you get to be in the same extremes , to get to be in the same extremes , and they 're able to get it through the difference between innovation and symbol , between us .
Now , we can make the symbols as a symbols , with the emotional charges of something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to take this building that was sitting on .
This is the center of a village called <unk> Island , in the state of New York .
It 's a vacation community .
But that meant about two years before I would end the building , it was a part of the community , and as the drawings looked at the product in the product , there was no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community , that first summer , when people started to get and create it in social media , the building left to be just a building , it became a half of communication , because these are not just images of a building , they 're the images that you 're made of the building .
And as you use it to tell their story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes me with the collective memory , and when the symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how to think architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because the digital media have n't changed the relationship between us , but they 've changed the relationship between us and buildings .
Let 's think about a second in the second in the fact .
If that building is a lot of this building , first of the Internet is looking at the Internet in looking at `` new libraries . ''
I 'm thrilled with examples of innovation , of innovation , about what it can be a library .
So that 's a scary .
You 're going to be able to take the mayor of surgery , to the people in the time , and tell you that there 's no single response to what you can be a library today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experience .
Everything is different now .
The architects are not not those mysterious creatures that use words , and some complicated drawings , and you 're not not a <unk> audience that do n't do n't know before .
The architects can listen to , and you 're not going to leave it through architecture .
And that means that the Philippines of a style to another , of a movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find how to find the problems right to the problems that face society .
This is the end of the story , and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different to the buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that one stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad of historical historical ? ''
This means that some robots can build our buildings , because we finally will be ready for the ways that they 're going to produce .
And that means that the buildings are going to get up to the middle of nature and not the contrary .
This means that a parking tribe in Miami Beach , Florida , also can be able to do sports or for yoga , or even you can even marry there in the night .
This means that three architects can be able to dream in the New York City , and raise half a million dollars of the community around that cause , it 's not a client just .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this small amount of people , so <unk> and <unk> as the animals that are going to look at .
Because it does n't matter if it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
The architects do n't know how to make more light buildings , more smart and harder .
We 've been waiting to all .
Finally , we 're not in the world .
Find an architect , <unk> and working together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
The buildings do n't just represent our society , but they give them the way to the smallest places , the local libraries , the homes where we 're doing our children , and the step of the bedroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It 's just going to get a year , and he started walking .
And what makes it really cool , typical of the kids of a year , <unk> , as if your body is moving too fast for their legs .
It 's completely beautiful .
And one of the things that we like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror .
She really love his reflection .
It 's <unk> and <unk> , and it gives them the same of these big , big questions .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of their friends do this , and my mom told me that I used to do it , and he made me think , `` How do I couple of doing this ? ''
How do it suddenly , we 're all going to taste our appearance ?
Because apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10 people look at Google : `` I am ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old , and they live in us .
And as any teenager , you just want to be dear and fit .
It 's Sunday for night .
It 's preparing for the next week in school .
It 's a bit of fear , it 's a little bit , because , despite her mom , it 's all beautiful , every day that 's beautiful , every day that 's beautiful , every day that 's ugly .
So what his mom says , and what your friends , or friends of school , they say , ``
So a video of her same , they put it on YouTube , and they ask others that please leave a comment , `` I am nice or I am ugly ? ''
Well , until now , you 've got more than 13 reviews .
Some of these are so curious , that they do n't even deserve to think about them .
We talked about a healthy , normal , normal and current , which gets these answers in one of the stages of its more vulnerable vulnerable .
Some of people are 6,000 videos like this , in its most teenagers trying to communicate in this way .
But what is you going to do this ?
Well , the teenagers are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure of being online and available all the time , talking , `` I like , '' and I like , `` I like , '' and I like , `` I like , '' and I like , `` I like . ''
Never before we 've been so connected , in the way it 's going on , so well , as young people .
As a mother told me , `` It 's like there 's a party in his room every night . ''
We just have no privacy .
And the social pressures that you 're going to be on the hand with that are true .
This environment , of being always connected , it 's <unk> our kids to <unk> them in the number of `` I like , '' that they have and the kinds of comments that they get .
There 's no division between a online life and life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what 's not .
And also , it 's very hard to know the difference between what 's authentic , and what it 's made to make it .
What 's the most likely in life 's life in the front of somebody in which is normal in a daily context ?
And where are you looking for the inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kinds of images that are <unk> from the news of the girls .
They 're going to be able to be able to leave our <unk> .
The technique of <unk> is now a meal .
And trends like : `` <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
For those who <unk> it , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture of today .
It 's not hard to see with what makes the young people .
But the kids are not immune to this .
It 's like the <unk> stars , and the International singers .
But what is the problem with all this ?
Well , we do n't want our kids to grow healthy , and they can be healthy individuals .
But in a culture of the image of the image , we 're teaching our kids to spend more time and effort to their appearance , the price of all the other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relations , the development of their physical capabilities , their studies and other ways they start to suffer .
six of every 10 girls would n't do something because they think that you do n't see enough enough .
These are not trivial activities .
They 're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as we took society and the field of the labor development .
31 percent , almost one of every three teenagers are not interested in the arguments of class , because they do n't want to call your attention for their physical way .
One of each five are not about people in all over the days when they do n't feel comfortable about it .
And in the test season , if you do n't think you see it good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're good enough , you 'll get a lower note to the average of your partners who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon has contributed in Finland , America and China .
And it 's some of what they actually find these young people .
So , so , for sure , we 're talking about as you see you , you see , not how you 're really .
The low self-worth on its body is <unk> the academic performance .
And it 's also doing the health .
The teenagers with a few physics , they 're less physical activity , they eat less fruit and vegetables , they 're going to live in more steel , they can take them to a food .
They have low self-worth .
They 're more easily <unk> by people who are around them , and they 're in greater risk of depression .
And we think that it 's why they make more likely , as the most prolific decisions , as the consumption of alcohol and drugs , and drugs , distributed surgery , infectious surgery , sex , sexual relationships .
The search of the perfect body is putting the health system , and our government took thousands of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who think they 're overweight again , regardless of if you have or do n't have the highest rates of the way .
Over 17 percent of women , you do n't think about a job in a day where they do n't feel safe with the way you see .
Think about a moment where this is doing our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would be that opportunity ?
You know this potential 's interest for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , talking about , I 'm not going to give you very far .
No enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there 's three key ways . The first is that we have to invent confidence in their own body .
We need to help our teenagers to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of the perfect images and build their self-worth .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I became very surprised when I learned a lot of good programs , without realize , it makes the situation .
So , we need to make sure that the program we 're going to do not only have a positive impact , but also a durable impact .
And the research research show that the best programs are focused on six key areas , the first is the influence of the family , friends and relationships .
These six aspects are points to think that you 're able to provide a education in the body self-esteem that work .
A education is fundamental , but you know this problem , it requires each of us to take the car in the issue , and we 're a better model to continue by women and girls in our own lives .
Let 's show you the current status of as women are see , and I did in our circles .
It 's not a good thing to tell you with our politicians in the hair , or the size of their breasts , or the size of their breasts , or <unk> that the determination or the success of a professional athlete depends on that is not a great beauty .
We need to begin to judge people who are , not as you see .
We 're all going to start doing it to take your responsibility for the kinds of images and comments that we published in our social media .
We can make people based on their effort and their actions and not in your appearance .
And let me ask you , when it was the last time you 're going to take a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments , as governments , and as companies , to change our culture , so that our children will grow all their person , and it 's going to be able to get them out of the diversity .
We 've got to put the people who are really doing the difference in a month .
It 's going to make a difference in the real world , let 's do that they 're going to be on the big screen , because we just create a different world .
A world where our kids are free to become the best version of them , where the way they think they think you see that you see that you can see that you see , you see , you see , you see what they are , or to reach what they want in their lives .
Think what it can mean for somebody in their lives .
Who have in mind ?
Did your wife ?
You ?
Did you take your daughter ?
Did it ? ''
I could be just the woman that 's two seats , what it would mean for it if I was a block of that voice <unk> in their inside , which is not just having a long legs , and it 's going to do n't have a long legs , made more expensive , a more flat .
What would it mean for it , if we do this , and we would say , and we would say , we 're going to get out of the potential in that way ?
Now , the obsession of our culture , with the images that we 're going on .
But we 're doing our children the truth .
You know that the way you see is just one part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love it , and so they do , and so they do it , and as they do it feel .
You 're going to get them into the self-worth in our schools .
Let 's take us each of us , the way we 're talking about and we compare it with other people .
And they 're working together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of a year of the year of today , they become agents of sure themselves .
Let 's do it .
The five November of 1990 , a gentleman called <unk> <unk> went to a hotel in Manhattan , and they had been able to get to the rabbi <unk> <unk> , the leader of the <unk> Department .
And I 'm going to tell you all the innocent people , but it 's a bit of the other charges , in the company , in the company of others , they started planning to planning attacks in a bunch of New York City , including tunnels and the United Nations .
Luckily , those plans are going up by the FBI .
Sadly , the anniversary of 1993 in the World Trade Center , they could n't avoid it .
More evening , it would be convicted of their participation in that .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an ancient engineer , with an American engineer , with an American engineer , an American mother , teacher 's teacher , and the two two did all the possible thing for me a happy childhood .
Just when I had seven years , our family started to change .
My father taught me a way of Islam , that very few , even a few , even the majority of Muslims , they get to know .
For experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , it does n't need a lot to get the same things in life .
However , in all religion , in all of the human group , there 's always a small fraction of people who are <unk> , so you think that we have to use all the possible media that all lived as them .
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained that in the last weekends of week , he and some friends , he had been going to training training in Long Island , to practice .
He told me that I was anger to the day .
We got to <unk> <unk> that , without knowing our group , I was broken by the FBI .
When I was going to read , my father helped me to keep the rifle on the shoulder , and he explained how to the goal for about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet that he took the small orange on the goal and , to surprise all , especially , especially , all the goal went on the sky .
My uncle came to the others and in Arabic , he said , `` <unk> <unk> . ''
As a parent , a child .
All of all , the comment was a lot of laughter , but just a few years ago , I understood what they were as funny .
You see in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
And those people later would be happily going to put a <unk> , you 're thrilled to 700 kilos of <unk> in the New kilos of <unk> in the National Age of the World Trade Center , causing a explosion that killed six people , and they get to each other .
I admired those men .
He called `` <unk> , '' which means an uncle .
When I was 19 , I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood , not allowed me to make a lot of drugs .
Every time I started to feel comfortable close to somebody , it was a moment of Spain and go to another city .
As I was always the new face of the class , so it was a victim victim .
It 's secret my identity to help be the white , but it 's the new of the class , quiet and attachment , it was enough .
So most of the time I went back in home reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , we did n't developed social skills , to tell you <unk> , they grow down , it was n't prepared for the real world .
I was telling me when I was telling people , with the people , with a bunch of short rates , as their religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that put me to test my way to think , was during the presidential elections .
In a <unk> program that I was sitting in the National National Lab , in Philadelphia .
My group is <unk> in the theme of the juvenile violence , as I had been sitting from <unk> almost all my life , it was something I felt a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from all of the group came from all of the group .
A day , at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the kids who had made friendship , it was Jewish .
I took several days to go out to the light , this detail , and I realized that there was no longer on the two .
Never before I had a Jewish friend and frankly , I felt very proud to have been able to overcome the barrier that all life had made me believe it was <unk> .
Another critical moment came on when I got a summer job in Bush Square , a apple park .
I found me with people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures , that experience was fundamental in the development of my character .
All life had taught me that the <unk> was a sin , and , for extension , all the myths were bad .
So , I had the opportunity to work with brown actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the most elegant and less critics that had seen in life .
Now , I took a kid , I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of the others , but it was n't easy for me to try to say , exactly the way as I would have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be done .
So , I was able to build the stereotypes that they had taught me , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know how it 's that , but I know what it 's being tested by something beyond my control .
And then she came to the `` Be <unk> . ''
All over the night , Jon Stewart , I did n't be a honest thing about my <unk> , and they sent me to see that the race of people , religion or political orientation , do n't have nothing to see with the character .
In a lot of ways , he became my <unk> shape in a moment where I was trying to get up .
In times , the inspiration can come out of the inspiration , and that a Jewish biologist had had a better influence in my own life that my own father , she was n't in Bosnia .
A day , I had a conversation with my mother on how I was changing my mother , and she said something that I would think about my heart forever , whereas it 's alive .
And she looked at my eyes tired of somebody who has been enough , and he said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that moment , I realized how a negative energy takes to keep all that hate in your inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life .
So , why I decided to go out and put it in a possible ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope somebody , some day , who would be able to bring them to violence , you can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way , which is a better way , which is though to me , this <unk> ideology and <unk> , I did n't come to me .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism , and against the biases .
I do it by the victims of terrorism , and for their loved beings , for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism , to talk about those acts without sense , as it does n't do the actions of my father .
Now , you know here as you 're here as a test that violence is not essential to no religion or race , which kids do n't have to keep the roads of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much .
In this moment , there 's a film that 's based on their minds .
It 's a amazing movie .
It 's in 3D , and it has a <unk> sound of what you hear and see right now , but that 's just the beginning .
Your film , you 're sleeping and texture .
It 's your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It 's got memories , as moments of your childhood , which is happening to your eyes .
And it 's constantly a growing voice in your flow of thinking .
The heart of the film is you who do n't know it all in direct .
This film is your consciousness of consciousness , the subject of the experience and the world .
People is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of the existence of being human .
Each of us are conscious .
We all have a personal movie , you know , you and tea .
There 's nothing to know more directly .
At least , I know that I have an own consciousness .
I do n't have certain that you 're aware of .
The consciousness is also the reason to live .
If we were not aware , nothing in our lives would have sense or value .
But the same time is the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe .
Why are we aware ?
Why do we have these rice movies ?
Why do n't we have just robots that we have to produce results without experience the internal movie ?
In this moment , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I remember that to bring consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say that it 's impossible a science of consciousness .
The science , for nature , is objective .
People , for nature , it 's subjective .
So you can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost all the 20th century , you know that vision .
The psychology I studied the behavior of behavior , the neuroscience was studying the brain , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there was very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
<unk> , 20 years ago , everything began to change .
It 's like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger said , `` Now , it 's the moment for the science of consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a research of the scientific work about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of the science of consciousness in the recent years was the pursuit of SETI , it 's between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw something of this guy in the fantastic work that I 've got Nancy <unk> a few minutes .
Now , we understand a lot of better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feel pain or feel happy .
But this is still a <unk> science .
It 's not a scientific science .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to tell you that this kind of work of neuroscience responds some questions that we want to explain the consciousness , and the questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and with what they did .
But in a sense , those are the easy problem .
We 're not going to forget it .
Actually , there 's no easy problem with consciousness .
Well , you do n't think the real mystery mystery of this matter : why all the physical process in the brain has to be done for consciousness ?
Why is a real internal movie ?
In this moment , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's tell you a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to turn up in the other emerging phenomenon as the <unk> , like <unk> , as life , and we 're going to find explanation .
We 're going to be all cases of emerging behaviors , how they 're doing the <unk> , how they work , how it works , how they work on , and how they sit on , and they get them into the living organisms .
That could apply the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as a emerging phenomenon , how we 're going to go , how we 're doing , how do we play this , how we play it .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are between the easy problem .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is that all behavior is made of a subjective experience ?
And here 's , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually there 's still not not a lot to say .
I am a heart scientist .
I want a scientific theory that 's going to work . For a long time , I put it on your head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in physical terms that would work .
But at the end , I got to the conclusion that that did n't work for it .
I think we 're going to get us in this point .
We have a wonderful explanations of wonderful explanations , cool .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit in this scheme .
On a side , it 's a fact that we 're aware of .
On the other , we do n't know how to perform that idea of our scientific view of the world .
I think the consciousness , right now , it 's a kind of anomaly , something that we need to bring up to our vision of the world , but we do n't know how .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas , I think that we need ideas that we need ideas that at the beginning of the idea , before I can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There 's some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan said , that 's here today , it 's a bit .
Their crazy idea is that there 's no hard problem of consciousness .
This idea of the idea of the internal real film includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
In fact , what you need to do , it 's going to explain the objective functions , the behaviors of the brain , and that 's the whole thing that you need explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of real consciousness , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me , and for many other , that vision is pretty hard to simply assume that the observation of consciousness is supposed .
But I 'm going in a different direction .
In the time that 's , I want to explore two very crazy ideas that I think they can be disappointed .
The first idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
The physicists take some aspects of the universe as the fundamental bricks : space , time and mass .
We 've got fundamental laws that govern , as the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties do n't explain in terms of anything more basic .
At the contrary , they think fundamental , and there are the world .
Sometimes , the list of the most fundamental list .
In the 19th 19th century discovered that you ca n't explain the electric phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass laws , laws , laws , laws of Newton , and then then the basic laws like a fundamental concept that those laws .
I think that 's the situation where we find with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain the consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , time , mass , a burden , then , then for a question of logic , there 's that the front of logic , there 's that the list of logic .
The most natural would be able to be able to be able to be able to do the same as a fundamental number of nature .
This does n't mean that it does n't be an object of science .
But it opens up the way to make these scientifically .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , the time , the mass , physical processes .
The physical people say that we want fundamental laws as simple that we can do it in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws as simple that we can take them into a t-shirt .
We do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking at .
The second idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This is sometimes it 's called <unk> , and it 's like , `` You know , `` <unk> '' by the mind , every system is aware , not only human , the dogs , the mice , the flies , even the microbes of Rob Adams , the particles .
So , it 's even a name of consciousness .
The idea is not that the photons are smart or you think .
It 's not that a guy can be full of antibodies when you think , `` Oh , always traveling the speed of light .
I can never slow and smell the ink . ''
No , like no .
But the thought is that perhaps the photons can have some of some of raw feeling , the subjective , some of the things of consciousness .
This can sound crazy for you .
How do you think something as crazy ?
In part of this comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is something fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , the time and the mass , it 's natural suggesting that it can also be universal , as the others .
It 's also worth to notice that though the idea we seem to be <unk> , it 's much less for people in different cultures , where the human mind seems more to nature .
A more profound reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple way to find fundamental laws that we 've got thinking about the thinking with the physical process , it 's <unk> awareness with information .
There are always information from information , there 's awareness .
It 's going to be complex , as in a human being , a human consciousness .
It 's very simple , real consciousness .
Something really exciting is that in the recent years , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory , and I developed it with mathematical methods .
It has a natural mathematical measure of the information , which is called <unk> , which is the amount of information in a system .
And it 's supposed to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an amazing grade degree of information , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there 's a half degree of information of information , as quite significant , a lot of real consciousness .
But when it comes to the worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> .
The level of information is lower , but it 's not zero .
In the theory of <unk> , we still have a different education level of zero .
In fact , a fundamental law of consciousness : high grade , high degree of consciousness .
In addition , another reason is that the <unk> can help us the consciousness to the physical world .
The physicists and the philosophers have often observed that physics is interestingly .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but it does n't talk about the reality that goes underneath .
As he explains Stephen Hawking , `` Where are the fire of the equations ? ''
From the view , you know , the equations of physics can leave you as you 're , but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what the physicists do basically , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is that you put fire in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is n't about the physical world as a kind of JPL .
It 's the same in the center .
This vision , I think , the vision of it , it has the potential for us to make our relationship with nature , and it can have social consequences and moral ethical .
Some can be <unk> .
I used to think that I did n't eat anything that I had consciousness , then I should be scary .
If you 're a <unk> , and you get that vision , you have a lot of hunger .
I think it 's going to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and ethical moral , is not so much the fact of consciousness , but their importance and its complexity .
It 's also natural asking for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system in the movie `` <unk> '' ?
It 's conscious ?
According to the vision of information <unk> , she has a complicated information processing , integrated , so that the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , it 's a pretty serious scientific problem about the ethics of development systems and the ethics of <unk> .
And finally , you can ask for the consciousness of all the world , the planet .
Canada has their own consciousness ?
Or to a more local level , a integrated group , like the audience in a TED TED TED talk , in this moment , we have an internal entrepreneur , a internal movie for this whole group of TED , different of the inner movies of each of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think that at least is a question that it should be serious .
So this is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually more sure about the first crazy idea , that consciousness is something fundamental , than the second , which is universal .
The vision is a lot of questions , a lot of challenges , like , how those pieces of thinking will contribute to the kinds of complex consciousness that we know , and I love it .
If we can respond to those questions , then I think we 're the right way to a right way to a theory of consciousness .
If not , well , it 's probably the most difficult problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait on the night at the morning .
But I think we 're finally going to discover it .
More consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe that 's only we need the idea crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Tokyo .
I had a very normal , a very normal profile , a low education .
I went to school , I 'm going to get me with my friends , I put me with my families .
Everything was very normal .
And when I had 15 years , a member of my community came up to my parents , because I wanted to take it for a prize of the community .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's a clear problem .
She actually has nothing . ''
I went to school , I had good notes . After school , I had a very low , and I was spent a lot of time looking at the <unk> of my mother , and I spent a lot of time looking at the series , `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's 2002 . ''
Yeah , I know what contradiction .
But they had right .
I did n't do anything that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that you can see as a day if we take the disability of the equation .
A later , I was in the second part of the teaching in a high school school , as just after about 20 minutes in the previous class class , a boy got a boy and said , `` Hey , when you leave your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What speech ? ''
Well , I had been talking about the law for a good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , you know , your actual speech .
When people in the wheels , they talk about things on school ? ''
`` For the general , in the case of acts . ''
And it was then when I realized , this child had had experiences with disability as important objects .
And we 're not . And it 's not enough of the guy , is say , that 's true for many of us .
For us , people who are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire them .
And in fact , I 'm in this stage , you know , I 'm in this <unk> chair , and probably you 're waiting to you . Right ? Yeah .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid of <unk> .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that we 've been in relation to disability .
Yes , they 've sold the lie that disability is something about , <unk> .
It 's a bad thing , and we live with a disability that makes you pretty cool .
It 's not something bad , and it does n't make a remarkable thing .
And in the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more more of this being through social communication .
It 's possible that you 've seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this other , `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this other , `` Before you leave , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple examples , but there 's a great amount of them .
It can be that you 've seen one , of the child without my hands , and you can have a kilometer for the mouth .
You may have seen a child who goes with legs of carbon .
And there 's a lot of these images , which is what we call bluefin .
And we use the term <unk> , you know , you 're going to get a group of people for the benefit of other people .
So , in this case , you 're going to get it into the astronauts in the computer people .
The purpose of these images is vulnerable , <unk> , so we can see them and think , `` Well , so bad that 's my life , could be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the point of the number of times that they 've been talking about strangers to express them who believe that I 'm guilty or an inspiration of inspiration , and this is going to happen before my job had a audience .
It was like if I 'm going to get up by the morning and remember my own name , and this is <unk> .
These images , those images are <unk> to people with disability people in the people in the people in the people .
They 're there that you can see , and think that things are not so bad for you , or to put their concerns in perspective .
And life as a memory person is actually something hard .
It 's some things .
But the things that we 're doing is not the things that you can think about .
They 're not things that we 're doing our bodies .
I use the term , `` People , '' because I 'm going to get it to the call social model of disability , which tells us that we are more illegal because the society that we live because of our bodies or <unk> .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very <unk> with it .
And the things I need to do , and I 've learned to take the best of their ability , like you do , and that 's what happens with the kids of those photos also .
They 're not doing anything outside the common .
They 're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability .
So , it 's really just <unk> in the way we do , to share those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspiration of inspiration . ''
And I know why it happens .
It 's the cause of the lie , because they 've sold this lie that disability makes us .
And I think , I do n't .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here by the inspiration , and you think , `` Why do you think , `` Why do you think , `` Why , '' you 're not sometimes a lot of something ? ''
And actually , I am .
I learn from other people with disability in all time .
However , I 'm not <unk> that I 'm more lucky than them .
I propose that it 's about a great idea to use some of them to collect the things that they fall on , and I 'm going to bring the things that they fall up . I 'm going to get the good trick of how the battery 's battery in the battery .
Great .
We 're aware of the force and resistance of the other , not against our bodies and our faith , but against a world that <unk> and <unk> .
I really think that that lie that we 've sold about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us a hard life .
And that quote , `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lie to be not true , because the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles to a little bit of <unk> , it 's not actually done that it 's going to become a stranger .
Never . It 's going to be a television screen , I 'm not going to get the subtitles for people .
It 's not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore , and we had a positive attitude going to turn all those books to the Philippines .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a girl was 15 years ago , sitting in his bedroom looking at `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' and it 's not seen it by being in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so much more expectations of the people with disability that we 're going to get on the bed and remember our names for the morning .
I want to live in a world where we create the technical achievement of the people with disability , and I want to live in a world where a child from the 11 grade in a <unk> school , not not a little surprised that his new teacher is a user chair .
The disability does n't happen , but questioning what you think about it that it does .
Thank you .
What do you have to see the exponential reality and the professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a <unk> .
Unfortunately , I 'm just going to respond to one of those questions , so , please .
When people think about the exponential reality , think about `` Sri Allen '' and at Tom <unk> the hands in the air , but the reality reality is not science fiction .
The exponential reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because the people need to change our lives as much like the Internet and cell phones .
So , how do we get to the exponential reality ?
The first step , it 's what I 've got to do , the Amazon Google Glass .
I 'm sure that many are familiar with them .
What you can do n't know is that Google Glass are a device that you can see what I see .
They 'll allow you to experience what 's being a professional link in the field .
Now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to get up .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you 're going to go with their imagination .
We can use Google Glass , underneath a helmet , and knowing what it 's running by the middle of the game for 160 miles , the blood <unk> .
We can know that you feel that a two pounds of 110 pounds we 're going to get them , trying to get them with everything .
I 've been there , and I assure you , it 's nothing nice .
So you 're going to show you some videos to show you what is to use Google Glass , and give them a idea of that .
Unfortunately , they 're not images of the <unk> practices , because the idea of the emerging technology is a underwater drop on the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's see a video .
Chris <unk> : Come .
It 's horrible .
A moment . It 's a little bit .
Are you ready ?
Come !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what 's being <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of the <unk> perspective .
You have noticed that people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them , from the University of Washington University .
It 's the field of the field : bluefin Jones !
Blue eight , Blue ! Come !
Chris <unk> : This about a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field , but it does n't have nothing to see with being in the Philippines .
They want that experience .
They want to be in the field , it will be their favorite players , and they 've been asking me on YouTube and Twitter : `` You can see from the angle of a <unk> .
Or about a row ?
We want to experience that . ''
One time we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we take them on the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called <unk> <unk> , which is probably a lot of you know .
The Rift <unk> has been described as the device of the most realistic reality has ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no !
Oh , God ! Oh !
Announcer : That 's the experience of a man in a mountain cycle for their life .
So , what 's the experience of a fan when you 're going to take a video of <unk> <unk> on the line , and you 're able to run a <unk> with the arm before they run and do a crash ?
And when you can be able to run up by the wall , you get the ball to the bottom of the network ? Or you 're going to be doing a little bit of a <unk> ?
What is their experience when you 're going to be on a mountain over 100 miles like a president ?
Maybe you 're going to make the sales sales for adults .
But this is not even straightforward reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we take the soft reality , <unk> ?
So , you know , the exponential reality when the quarks , the <unk> and the owners see the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win ? ''
Because they always use the technology to win .
I like to win . They give them money .
So , I 've got a little bit about the technology in the Philippines .
In 1965 , the Baltimore of Baltimore would put them a <unk> to his field of the field to play faster .
They had the Disney of the year .
Other teams decided to bring them .
More people saw the game because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , you know , I put them up with it .
They had more likely , because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine that they 're a player going to their group , and you see their next thing , you see in front of you in front of you , in a plastic chain that you 're going to get on . You do n't need to worry about you .
It 's where the strategy .
They just go to the field and they react .
And the ones want it because if you do n't get their instructions , they 're lost , and they hate them to lose them .
If you lose you like a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But the exponential reality is not just a better strategies .
The exponential reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to improve your game .
How would you do ?
Well , a very simple choice would be a camera on every corner of the stadium , having a view from the people that it 's down .
You can also get information from the goals and the ones , something that it 's already working .
And all of that information you get to your players .
The good teams will know .
Now , the bad will you have a lot of information .
This is <unk> the good teams of evil .
So , your computer team will be so important as your amygdala , and the data to leave it to be just for pneumonia .
It would be also for them , who would be imagined ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that 's the field of the field .
You 're going to get the ball and <unk> .
It took a open receptor , suddenly , a <unk> in the left part of your bombsight , you know that an defense behind you , you know , it 's going to be <unk> .
They 're going to get to the area of protection .
Another statistic you know that there 's a open receptor .
You know , you know , but you 're going to get you .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where land . However , the receptor looks on their bombsight a area of grass that goes up and can change the career .
It 's going to come up , it takes the ball , it goes and then .
The audience goes , and the tiles have been looking at it from every angle .
This is something that create a massive emotion on the game .
I 'm going to get a lot of people , you see , because people want to live that experience .
They want to be in the field .
You want to be his favorite player .
The exponential reality will be part of the sports because it 's too profitable to not be .
But what I 'm asking it is : we want this to be the only use of the exponential reality ?
We 're going to look like bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use the exponential reality to encourage the empathy between human beings , to show somebody how it is , literally , to be in the place of another person .
We know what this technology is worth for Congress .
It 's thousands of millions of income .
But how much it 's a technology for a professor in the classroom , trying to show you a <unk> how much people are their actions from the perspective of the victim ?
How much it 's a technology for a gay gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how they live as well .
How much it 's also for a <unk> <unk> or an Neil <unk> trying to inspire a generation of children to be thinking more in space and science instead of <unk> and <unk> ?
Ladies and gentlemen , the exponential reality is about .
The questions we do , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , they depend on , they depend , they depend , they depend on it .
Thank you .
Recently me after 23 years from 23 years of the <unk> <unk> of California .
The majority of those 23 years ago , I was the country <unk> the south end of the <unk> County , which includes the bridge bluefin .
The bridge is a <unk> structure , there 's known by their beautiful San Francisco in San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural lifestyle .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used in the world .
The bridge 's bridge was actually opened in Ecuador .
Joseph <unk> , a chief engineer to build the bridge , he said , `` The bridge is pretty much to test it .
Audience from the bridge is not no practical or likely . ''
But from their openness , more than 200,000 people have released their death from that bridge .
Some people think that we travel between the two trains , we 'll bring them to another dimension , this bridge has been excited like such , as the each of it gets up from all your concerns and pain , and the water that goes underneath your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to make suicide .
After one every fall of four to five seconds , the body comes to 120 miles per hour .
It 's the impact on bones , some of those who 's extraordinary organs .
Most of the majority of the impact .
The ones who do n't , they 're usually going on the water , and then they 're obsolete .
I do n't think that you 're going to get this in this method of suicide , you give them out of the death of death that you 're going to go .
This is the wire .
Except around the two trains , there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge .
Here 's where the majority of people were for before we take life .
I can tell you the experience that one time the person is on that edge , and in the most dark time , it 's very hard to bring them back .
And I took this picture last year as a young year , as this young man talked to a official officer .
I want to tell you to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on this day .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have any formal training .
You 're going to channel the way through these calls .
This was not just a bad service to those who <unk> suicide , but the dolphins also .
We 've got a long way from then .
Today , President veterans and psychologists take the new pressures .
This is called <unk> .
I met about 22 year of the year of the year of the year of the last year to get a call of a possible subject sitting in the middle of the center .
<unk> , and when I got , I looked at there , I looked at it , talking about a day of the bridge 's bridge 's bridge .
He was just 32 years ago , and he had been released to here from New Jersey .
In fact , I had been able to think about here , two times before I since New Jersey to try to die from this bridge .
After about a hour talking about guitar , we asked them if we knew the story of the sanitary box .
It 's <unk> the Greek , <unk> created , and he sent them to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` No , never to get that box . ''
Well , one day , the curiosity could be more than yesterday , and she opened the box .
In the age , they came up , oh , and all of the whole class class against the man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So we asked us , `` What happens if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
They stopped a little bit , you cut up on the right-hand side , and it was .
This short guy and smart , New Jersey , I had just had the life .
I talked to the parents 's parents that night , and I guess when I was talking about them , it did n't seem to be pretty well , because the day next , the rabbi of the family was called me to see how it was .
The father 's parents had been asked .
The damage of suicide affect a lot of people .
Let me tell you these questions , what do you do if a member of your family , a friend or somebody loved it outside ?
What would you say ?
Did you know what to say ?
In my experience , it 's not only to talk about , but you have to listen to .
You know to understand it .
No , <unk> , or tell the person you know how you feel , because you probably do n't know it .
I just got there , you can be the point of the point that you need .
If you think somebody 's suicide , you do n't have fear fear and do the question .
A way to ask you the question is , `` Other in similar circumstances have thought about their life ; you 've got these thoughts ? ''
It 's going to get them to the person of the front of the front of the time , you can save life , and it will be the point of it for them .
Other signs to look at : despair , believe that things are terrible , and you 're never going to improve it ; they 're never going to improve it ; it 's going to believe that there 's nothing you can do about it ; isolation social social isolation .
I started this talk about this talk about a couple of days , and I got a email of a lady , and I 'd like to do his letter .
She lost his son the 19 of January of January of this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days , and it 's with his permission and the blessing that I read it .
`` Hello , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED TED Conference .
It must be a whole experience .
I 'm thinking that I should go on the bridge this end of week .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell you a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends , etc .
I 'm still pretty excited , but I found more moments to realize that Mike wo n't come back home .
Mike I was driving to San Francisco to see San Francisco , to see the party of the <unk> with his father 's 19 .
Never come there .
I called the police police , and it did like that night .
At the next morning , two Korea came to my house , and I found that the car 's car was down in the bridge .
A mistake had seen it from the bridge at the night of the night of the day .
So thank you thank you so much for those who can be a lot of a lot of hard to fight themselves .
Who has n't been before not to suffer a real disease ?
It should n't be so easy to end with it .
My sentences are with you for your struggle .
And the <unk> is supposed to be an passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck , this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go on the way that his son took that day , and also the value to go back .
I 'd like to share you to a man who I mean with hope and value .
The 11 of March 2005 , I said a radio call for a possible subject in the equivalent of the bridge near the northern tower .
And I looked at my desk by the sidewalk and looked at this man , Kevin <unk> , on the sidewalk .
When I saw it , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , in that small tube that goes around the tower .
For the hour and the next half , I heard like Kevin talked about their depression and despair .
Kevin decided the day to come back on that lane and give them the other other opportunity .
When Kevin became , <unk> .
`` This is a new beginning , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What did it do that they did , and they took it to hope and life 's life ? ''
And you know what he said ?
He said , `` I read it .
I 'll leave me to talk about and just forget . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to <unk> it .
`` It 's called <unk> , there 's <unk> the events of 11 of March , and you 're one of the reasons that Kevin remains with us .
I think Kevin was a lot of aid .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it 's been correctly .
It 's an Kevin when I only had six months , it 's completely unconscious from all of those laws , but , thank God , we now know it .
Kevin is in order , as the says .
We give God because of you .
I did n't know it with you , <unk> <unk> .
And at the end , she wrote , `` <unk> . When I went at the General San Francisco , that night , you know , you know it as the patient .
`` Oh , I had to solve it ! ''
Now , Kevin is a father , and a active member of society .
It talks about the events of that day and their depression with hope to inspire others .
Audience is not just something that I 've found me in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather would die with poison .
And that act , despite its own pain , I could tell you the opportunity to meet .
This is what it does .
For most of the people , or those who think about suicide , you do n't think about it to another person .
They just want your own pain .
So , this is just just about three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases , and it comes from marriage around the bridge .
From those incidents that I 've been directly involved , I 've just lost two , but those two are too .
You did n't .
The other was a man who talked about about a hour .
For that time , I 'm going to take me the hand in three times .
In the end , I looked at it , and he said , `` Kevin , I feel , but I have to go . ''
And it turned out .
Hey , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of people that we have to do on that bridge is not <unk> .
In addition , those few people have looked at the bridge and lived , and you can talk about it , that one percent or two percent , most of those people have said that the second thing that you 're going to get out that they had a mistake and wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge is not only <unk> <unk> with San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or the bridge we do , it 's something that everybody and every one of us have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
He can prevent .
There are hope .
Thank you very much .
The world does that you 're not , but in your inside you know what you 're , and a question , you know what you 're , and a question you take you ?
I need to be something in that sense , but I 'm not used , in any way I 'm used .
When I became a model , I felt in the model I had had been able to run the dream that I had had a kid .
My outside , I put up with my truth inside , with my self .
For complicated reasons , I 'm going to take me later , when I look at this picture , I think , you know , you know , you know , you know , you get it , you get it .
But the past October , I found that , I 'm just starting .
We all got our families , our religion , our religion , our moment , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of them have the value of yourself , to get to get out of the limitations of the skin of the skin , or for the belief of those people around us .
They 're people who always understand the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my neighbors , my agent even , I promised my story .
I think this is called the revelation of the book .
This is mine .
I brought me like `` child '' at birth because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , in my house , I always had to put this t-shirt on the head .
And my mom , I asked , `` Why do you always get that t-shirt on your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew , how <unk> it .
The gender has always been considered a literal fact , but now we know that it 's something more complex and mysterious .
Because in my success , I never got to share my story , not because I think that I 'm a bad thing , but why the world is to those of us who want to get out .
All of the days I 'm grateful to be woman .
I have Mom , my dad and a family that you do on as I am .
Many are not so lucky .
There 's a long tradition in the growing culture , that they represent the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist of compassion .
There 's a Indian section , from the <unk> .
And when I had eight years ago , I was in a party in the Philippines that I measured these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage , and I remember that this beautiful woman came to me , and I remember that moment like something like something like something like something that I would like to be .
And when I had 15 years old , when I still had 15 years , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the CEO of an infinite beauty .
That night , she asked me , `` Why do n't you know it in the competition of beauty ? ''
He told me that if you 're going to get it out of the costs of Ecuador , and of the closet , and that night , he won in my bathroom , he won in my bathroom , he won in my bathroom , he turned up in my book .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was within the world of beauty of beauty .
And not a lot of people can say that their first job was about the queen of beauty of the dimensions , but I can .
I also met the amount of <unk> , about everything when we 're going to bring up to the environment of the Philippines .
But most importantly , I met my best friends of that community .
In 2001 , my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , I called me , and told me that I told me the green card that I could go to live in the United States .
I 'm sleeping .
I said my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm thrilled .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be an queen of beauty . ''
But then , two weeks later , I called me , and he said , `` You know that if you tell you the United States , you can change the name and the identity of gender ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom told me that I put two , and my name .
She also got me when I was born in Thailand at the 19 years .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand making the most <unk> surgeries , sophisticated and safe .
In that time in the United States , it was necessary to make surgery before the name and gender .
So , in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember to look at the license , with the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name . ''
It was a great moment .
For some people , the identity of identity means to drive or power to get a drink , but for me was the license to live , to feel that it was the license to live .
Suddenly , my fears were seen .
I felt that I could take my dream and I 'll go to go to New York , and it will be model .
Many are not so lucky .
I think about this woman 's woman <unk> <unk> .
A young woman was a young woman in New York who were alive in the truth , but that , <unk> , put your life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our rates are eight times more than the rest of the population .
All 20 of November , we make a global section for the <unk> <unk> of <unk> .
I 'm in this stage thanks to a long story of people who <unk> and put it up to the injustice .
So , these are extremely humble Johnson , and 1986 .
Today , at this same time , I 'm going to go out of the closet .
I ca n't keep living my truth , and just for me .
I want to do the best to help the others to live their truth without shame , not fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , for some day , there 's no more <unk> than 20 of them .
My easiest truth took me to accept what I am .
Do you do you ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . KT : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Of course , first , thank you .
Now , my own network of support , my parents especially , to my family , which is very strong .
I remember all , I remember all the times that I 've been to young young women , who I 've been doing , and some times , when I 'd call me , and I told me that their parents could n't keep it . I took the phone , called my mom , called my mom , and he said , `` Mommy , you can call this
Some times it worked , other , do n't . It 's just identity of gender , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
It 's going to say , we 're all becoming a gender gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table the subject that some times that research does n't block , and that should be a space that would give people <unk> , and this is a conversation that we should have parents , with colleagues .
The technological movement is <unk> with the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work .
It should be understanding .
It should be space for curiosity and to make questions , and I hope you all .
KS : Thank you . Okay .
In many societies , <unk> and vulnerable , the parents usually do you know by their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who 's known by her daughter , and I 'm proud of it .
He started their campaign for education in their rights in 2007 , and when you 're doing their efforts in 2011 , and when you 're doing their efforts in 2011 , and it was a very famous girl in their country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at the story of humanity , the story of women is the story of injustice , of inequality , from violence and exploitation .
You see , in the <unk> societies , right from the beginning , when we put birth , their birth , their birth did n't know .
It 's not getting , not by his father , not by his father .
The neighborhood comes , day , their <unk> to the mother and no one <unk> the father .
And a mother had a lot of a lot of having a child .
When you 're going to light to the first child , the first daughter , you put sad .
When you 're going to light to the second daughter , it 's <unk> , and , with the hope of a child , when you take his third daughter , you feel guilty as a criminal .
Not just the mother , it 's not just the mother , but the daughter was a single daughter .
At the age of five years , when I should go to school , it 's in home and school is in home , and he 's going to take their brothers .
On the age of 12 years , somehow , it 's a good life .
You can get it .
It can play with their friends on the street , and it can move on the streets as a butterfly .
But when you go on the adolescence , when it goes 13 years ago , it 's going to get rid of his house without a male condition .
It 's taken to four walls of his house .
It 's not a free person .
It turns out in the call of his father and their brothers and their brothers and their family and their family , and if you 're going to get the code of that honor , could even kill it .
And it 's interesting that that 's an honor code , not only affects the life of a girl , it also affects the life of the elderly members of the family .
So this brother , <unk> your life and the happiness of their sisters in the name of course .
And there 's a greatest norm of those societies that is called it .
It 's supposed to be very quiet , so a good girl must be very quiet , and very <unk> .
It 's the bat .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
And it 's supposed to be quiet , and you know the decisions of his father and his mother and the decisions of the elderly , even if you do n't want to .
If you leave them with a man who do n't like or if you leave them with a old man , it has to keep it , because it does n't want to be made of <unk> .
If the very young ones , it has to keep it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens to the end ?
In words of a guy , `` <unk> , <unk> , and then it gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson , and the same lesson of honor their children .
And this vicious circle continues and continues .
And then I was born brothers and sisters , when they were born , and for the first time , I think , I do n't like to be honest , to be honest , but when I was there , and he looked at her eyes , believe , I felt extremely surprised .
And a lot of before I was born , I thought about his name , and I became fascinated with a <unk> of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> <unk> , and I called my daughter like this .
But when I went up , all of them were men , and he took me my pen , and I promised a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when I had four years and a half years , the <unk> in my school .
You might ask , why do I have to mention a little girl in a school ?
Yes , I 've got to get them .
You can take them by sitting in Canada , in the United States , in the United States , in a lot of developed countries , but in the poor countries , and in the poor countries , in clinical societies , it 's a great event for life 's life .
It 's a school means the recognition of their identity and his name .
One of the school means that it 's sitting in the world of dreams and the aspirations where you can explore their potential for their future life .
I 've got five sisters , and any of them could go to school , and it would be surprised , two weeks before , when you 're going to get the way , when you 're going to get the way , when you 're going to get the way to the same of the family , I could n't remember the best of some of my sisters .
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was the reason I value my daughter .
And what my father could n't give my sisters and the daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
The <unk> to sit with me when my friends came to me .
So , you 're going to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to take them on their personality .
And this was not just for it , just for <unk> .
I 've got all these good values in my school school and kids .
I used the education for you .
I started my daughters , I taught the students , to forget the lesson of it .
I taught the students to forget the lesson of the call called <unk> .
And they 're going to give them brothers and sisters , they were going for more rights for women , and they were able to have more and more space for women in society .
But we found it with a new phenomenon .
It was increasing for human rights , and in particular , for women 's rights rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of participation of women in all of the women in political and social and social and social .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
Four girls will go to school .
Women were forced them to use <unk> , and they stopped the markets .
The musicians were arrested , the girls , and the pets were killed .
It was millions of , but a few talk , and it was scary to get around those people who kill them and <unk> when you talk about their rights .
It 's really scary .
Over the 10 years , you know , you get up , and it got up by the right to education .
He wrote a day for the BBC blog , he gave her the same for the New York Times , and talked about every platform that he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It 's <unk> as a <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason that the Taliban could n't tolerate their campaign and nine of October of 2012 , he went to <unk> on the head .
It was a day for my family and for me .
The world became a big black hole .
While my daughter was <unk> in the life and death , I had to come up to my wife , `` I 've got a lot of what happened to my daughter , to your daughter ? ''
And he said , `` Please do n't get it .
It 's going to make it a fair cause .
You know your life in play by the cause of the truth , by the cause of peace , and by the cause of education , and by the cause of education , and it 's why it was inspired in you and you get them .
They were on the right way , and God to protect them . ''
These few words <unk> a lot for me , and I did n't go back again .
When I was in the hospital , and I had severe headaches and strong headaches , because its facial nerve was seen , I used to see a dark shadow that are going on by the face of my wife .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell us , `` I 'm okay with my smile , and with the <unk> in my face .
I 'm going to get good . Please worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and we get them .
And we 've learned and sisters , we 've learned about it , how to resist the most hard moments , and I 'm thrilled to share with you that despite you that despite you that despite it , that despite the rights of the kids and women , it 's like any girl of 16 years .
He was not just his task .
You fight their brothers , and I 'm very happy for that .
People ask me , `` What 's a special thing in my tea that has made so clever to <unk> so courageous , and <unk> and <unk> ? ''
I say , I do n't wonder what I did .
It 's what I did n't .
I did n't read your wings and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
I went on the brain for 18 years , and , from that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I am engineering .
And I want to tell you that recently , I 've got a little bit of the <unk> group , of Google , where I 've had a <unk> to my charge -- the <unk> of Google , but the whole thing that I 'm going to talk about here about the brain of the brain , I did n't know about the brain of the brain , I did
And I said this , there 's a stigma when you 're going to get you to a single operation .
You 're going to be like smart or not ?
Does n't be so , you 're going to be smart ?
And then of the advice , I had a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't the gray matter , but it was the most dead part of the center that creates important , and Mommy .
First of the operation , I had to decide how much to take , from more than a dozen chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about the combinations and chemicals of chemicals , and try to go with life .
More than a time I 've saved me .
But luckily , I have <unk> soul , so I decided to try to try to get the <unk> doses , because it really does n't exist a map that I say it in <unk> .
I started trying to test them with different , and he became surprised to see how small changes in the dose that changed my <unk> , my sense of who was , my sense , my way , my behavior with the other .
A particularly impressive case , for a few months , I tried doses and chemicals , and I 'm going to see how my thoughts was .
I was always surprised , I thought all the time in sex , and I believed that it was the most clever person from all the world , and -- of course , many times in the past , I 've met a lot of different types , like , or perhaps some versions of them .
It turned out like a end .
But my great surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , a way , a way , a way , to fix a problem that I had to the front , and it simply did n't happen .
So , I could n't use it .
He changed my dose .
But I think that I gave me a new appreciation about men , and about what they have to go through .
And what it 's going to get to do , to solve those hormones and Mommy and others , it was regain my intelligence after the disease , and the operation , my creative thinking , my interest of ideas .
I think about almost in images , and that became my key point : how to make those mental images that use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want to ? Let 's make new ideas and study situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
It 's like <unk> , and you see the things that are similar .
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
Today , there 's the question , this idea , and there are a lot of arguments about how the mind works , for me , it 's simple : for most of us , the mental images are fundamental for the thinking of <unk> and <unk> .
So , after several years , I 'm going to find the right point , and I 've got a lot of great mental <unk> , really <unk> , well , well , it 's very sophisticated and well .
Now , I 'm working on how to bring it fast , these mental images , from my mind on the screen screen .
Can you imagine what if a director of film was able to use their imagination just to bring the world to get to the world that is in front of the world ?
Or if a musician could take the music of your head ?
There are amazing possibilities with this , as the creative people can get to share the speed of light .
And the truth is that , the only thing to make this is just increase the resolution of our brain systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to get to this with two recent experiments that was made by two groups .
They 're both used technology , and it 's a picture of functional data , to represent the brain , and you can see the brain . Here you can see the brain , made by <unk> <unk> and her colleagues .
The column of the left shows the <unk> of a person that looks like a picture .
The middle of the middle of the brain shows the brain of the same individual as a single individual as you imagined , seeing that same image .
The column of the right-hand side is created the content of the central column , you see that the difference is almost dense .
And this is arrested in many different individuals with a lot of different images , always with a similar result .
The difference we 're going to see a picture and imagine see that same image is almost about .
Now , let me share the other experiment . This is the lab of Jack <unk> in Berkeley , California .
They were able to turn the brain waves in visual fields .
It 's a way .
In this experiment , I showed the people hundreds of hours of YouTube video , whereas the brain is to create a big pool of the brain in the brain for the video sequences .
And then , I showed them a film with new images , new people , new animals , and while they 're going to make it a new basis .
The computer , using only the brain information of the <unk> , the <unk> to show what the person was seeing .
On the right-hand side you can see the computer of the computer , and on the left , the video that I showed you .
This will go up .
We 're okay about that .
We only need to improve the resolution .
And now , remember that when you see a picture , and when you imagine that the same image , it creates in the brain the same system .
This is led to the brain systems of the world 's brain systems today , and its resolution was a thousand times in the last years .
Now we need to be able to increase the resolution of a thousand times more to get a deeper hand .
How do we do it ?
There 's a lot of techniques to do it .
One is open the skull and introduce electrodes .
I 'm not giving me to that .
Now , many of them are applying new techniques of projection by images , even I 'm going to share with the recent outcome of MRI , first we need to ask ourselves the next , this technology will be the end of the way ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with magnets magnets , but this point , magnets more <unk> just they 're not small enough to the resolution , and it 's not for thousands of as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of most big magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create a lot of more complex , a lot more complex , and we can create different , like a <unk> .
And why do this matter ?
In the last few years , a great amount of effort in the MRI were to make big magnets , right ?
However , most of the recent breakthroughs in <unk> and bright and bright solutions , and <unk> , in the slums , and a lot of technological radio cases in information systems .
Over the time , instead of a magnetic field , <unk> patterns , <unk> patterns in the periodic radio frequencies .
So when we combine the white patterns with the patterns of the patterns of the patterns of the vertical radio processing , we can measure the information that you can extract in a way .
In addition , we can divide in layers our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in thousands that we need .
By using the evolution , we should be able to measure not just the blood fluid fluid , but the water and <unk> that I 've mentioned , and maybe the activity of direct neural activity . This is the dream .
We will be able to keep our ideas in a direct form of digital media .
Can you imagine if we could happen on the language , and I 'm going to get it directly through thinking ?
What would you be able to do ?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking .
You thought the Internet is something big .
These are big questions .
It would be going to look like a tool to tolerate our skills of thinking and communication .
Now , this same tool could take the cure of Alzheimer 's disease and diseases .
We have a few more options to open this door .
In all ways , we choose a year , to happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that you take a lot more .
We have to learn how to give this step together .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about this night about the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just the gay .
I think we all have to be surprised .
Their closet , maybe I 'm going to tell you some person for the first time I love it or tell somebody who 's pregnant , or tell somebody who has cancer , or any other hard conversation that you 've got in life .
All of me , it 's a hard conversation , and though our issues can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be on the experience of it is universal .
It 's fear , and we do n't like , and it must happen .
A lot of years ago , I was working in the <unk> <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and it 's still there , I had to go through a bunch of the intensity of the <unk> <unk> : I did n't have to go back with me , quote the letters of <unk> gave them up as a tripod .
And I 'll be known that by the <unk> of my short breath , and I 've got a little bit on the head , I asked me a little kid , and I asked me , usually a small child or girl ? ''
And it would be a uncomfortable silence on the table .
I 'm going to get my jaw a little bit more , I would take me my coffee .
The father <unk> the newspaper and the mother took a cold , look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and they 're going to get it through it .
And I got to the point that every time I was going to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised me that the next time would say something .
It was that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , happened again .
`` You 're a boy or a girl ? ''
A familiar silence , but this time I was ready , and I was at the point of trying to go out of a lot of a full of the other things on the table .
So , we 've got to get rid of them .
So , even one of the <unk> of the vagina . ''
And so I took a little bit , and I went back , and I went back , and my next back a child 's child with a pink dress , looking at what 's not a challenge for a feminist similarities , just a kid with a question , `` You 're boy or girl ? ''
And so I put it back again , I put it close to it , and I said , `` Hey , I know that this is something .
I have the short hair , like a boy , and we seen clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , like you like you like you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable .
Because , I 'm more of the kind of girl in a comfortable term .
And that kid , I looked at it , and he said , and he said , `` My favorite TED '' and it has a fish .
You can give you a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . It 's just a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the easiest conversation of all that ever had .
And why ? Because the boy of the <unk> and I was , both , we went on the one with the other .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some of them in my life in my life , and I know , often , my walls used to be a <unk> .
But within the darkness , you ca n't know what color are the walls .
You just know how a one feels living in a closet .
It 's like my closet , it 's not different to you or you know , or you know , or you do it .
You know , you 're going to give you a hundred reasons about why they 're going to get out of my closet was more hard to get out of the time , but this is the matter : I mean , it 's a hard thing .
It 's hard .
Who can tell you to explain somebody who have been able to call somebody who have been able to tell somebody that 's been frozen ?
Who can tell me that this story is more hard to tell you your son of five years that you 're going to happen ?
There 's no more difficult , it 's just a hard thing .
We have to leave what it is hard to be hard to what it 's hard to make them feel better or worse in the relationship , and we need to just feel empathy because we all live , because we all live a hard .
In some point in our lives , we all live in 1991 , and they can make any security feel security , or at least more security than you give the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you , that does n't matter what they 're made their walls , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine the 20 years .
I had a horse tail , a dress and shoes 's shoes .
It was n't the thrilled to fight it to fight any child of four years that will go into coffee .
I was frozen by fear , <unk> in a corner of my closet dark <unk> , and the move on just a muscle , and the move just a muscle , it has ever done .
My family , my friends , and my friends , and my friends , that I 've spent my whole life trying to do n't , and now the world was able to turn it back to purpose .
I was burning the pages of a script that we 've all been followed by so long , but if you do n't get that helmet , you 'll kill you .
A one of my youngest Commission was in the wedding of my sister .
It was the first time that we knew that it was gay , and when I was doing my wife 's lady , in my black dress , in my black dress , and I walked around the tables , and eventually I got to one where the friends were the friends , people who knew me .
And after I 'm going to talk about a moment , one of the women kept , `` I love by Nathan ! ''
And the battle of the gay stories had started .
`` You know , `` Do you think they were in the circles ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never been there , but we 've heard it 's fabulous . ''
`` Do you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know .
It 's very good , and you 've never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what is your favorite program ?
Our favorite program ?
And you know , `` Jack . ''
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , <unk> , but in order to show you all of their support , to make me know that I was on my side , eventually he said , `` Well , I think my husband uses a horse . ''
And I had an opportunity at the moment , as you 're all all the number of them .
You may have been easy to indicate where they felt like it .
It 's not very hard to find it , and you know the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else you can ask somebody , but it 's going to make somebody ?
If you 're going to be authentic with somebody , you have to be prepared for the authentic thing that you get .
It 's like the hard conversations are still without being my strong point .
Ask anyone that I 've got .
But I 'm better , and I still like to call the three principles of the <unk> of the <unk> .
Now , please see this through the gay perspective , but you understand that what it means to get out of any closet is essentially the same thing .
Number one : Be true .
It 's <unk> . Be you .
That girl in the coffee , I had been ready , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want somebody to be depressing , the other need to know that we also suffer .
Number two : Be good . It 's just <unk> .
If you know that they 're gay , <unk> .
If you say their parents that maybe you might be gay , they 'll make the hope that that could change .
Do n't give you a sense of false hope .
And number of three , and most importantly -- let 's teach the complex .
You communicate the truth .
You 're going to do that .
And some of you can get sure , they 're going to get sure , <unk> , so they 've done , but you never forget why they 're .
And yeah , maybe some of you feel disappointed , but that something in them , not in you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you 're , but they do n't get their own .
That 's the story of them , but not you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So the next time you 're going to find it in a dark week , <unk> , you need to know that we 've all been there before .
And you can feel very alone , but they 're not .
Thank you , thank you .
Knowing , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how the intelligence has seen the intelligence , a productive example has been the famous quote of <unk> <unk> that `` The question of if a machine can think is so interesting as the question of if you 're going to swim . ''
When I 'm going to get them , he wrote this as a critical to the computer pioneers like Alan Turing .
And so , a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the political mechanisms of intelligence .
Let 's take a step .
First start with an mental experiment .
Imagine that they 're from a food race , that you do n't know anything about the biology of Earth , and we 're not from neuroscience from the Earth , and that have amazing telescopes and can look at Earth , and they have amazing life , so you can look at Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can look at Earth for millions
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , we know that the reason would be that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid a impact .
But if you 're in a animal race that you do n't know anything about this , which has no concept about intelligence of Earth , you would see it forced to develop a physics theory that explain how to be able to explain how to the surface , the asteroids that <unk> the surface of a planet in the way we had to leave it .
And so that 's why I mean this is the same question that we understand the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that took several years several years ago , I looked at a variety of issues through science , through a variety of issues through science , through several disciplines , who are , I think , to a single idea of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be tested for the development of intelligence , and in particular , in particular , for the development of universal states that we make the diversity of possible future .
And finally , in the global tissue , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action with the end of making complex tasks .
And so , taking all these different issues and put them together , I asked them , I asked , since it 's already a lot of years : there 's a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just a equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the most close equivalent to a <unk> E for the intelligence that I 've seen .
So what you 're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force , F , that acts with the end of maximize the future freedom of action .
It looks like to maximize the future freedom of action , or keep the open options , with a force , with the diversity of possible future , yeah , to a global future .
In a few words , the intelligence do n't like to be stuck .
The intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom and keep the open options .
And so , having this equation , it 's natural asking , what can you do with this ?
What do you think about it ?
Did you get the level of human intelligence ?
Did you make the artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you a video that I think , show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : It 's <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more accurate , or `` entropy , '' for their life , they need to have tendency to the world of intelligent beings like us .
But what 's going on if that <unk> <unk> between entropy and intelligence , a more profound relationship ?
What happens if the smart behavior is not just based with production production , but that actually comes to it directly ?
To find , we 've developed a software software called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy in any system in any system that we find within .
Thank you , it was able to spend multiple evidence of animal intelligence , play games , and they 're able to earn money in actions , it 's all not that it would have n't do that .
Here 's some examples of <unk> in action .
At the same one of the foot , without coming up , here we see <unk> <unk> , using a cart using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable in part , because we never found it a goal .
I just decided for their own balance .
And this ability to balance it will have applications for the negative robotics and technologies of human care .
This ability to use tools in smart manufacturing and agriculture .
In addition , as some other animals can be able to cooperate , you can be able to see it from some other animals from a rope , the same time to release the food , here we see that we 're able to do a version of the model of that task .
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic and a variety of other fields .
It 's a lot of 1976 to a variety of domains .
For instance , here we see it , you see it , you see it , you see it playing a game game on the same , and it would make their potential for the game .
So here we see it , we see a new connections in a social network in a social network where the friends are going to get constantly , and it goes with success .
This is the same capacity of the network , also has apps in health care , in energy and intelligence .
So here we see it , we see the routes of an boats of tumors , discovering with success and using the Panama Canal to expand the world from the Atlantic until the Pacific .
In the same way , you 're going to get it up , it 's known to trouble for trouble in defense , and it takes and transportation .
And finally , here we see , you see , you 're looking at us to discover , and you 've been able to discover it , and you 're able to figure out a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a bunch of <unk> series of actions , when they increase the active under its effective pollution .
This ability of risk will have huge applications in finance and safe .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of brands of human human behavior such as the use of tools , and walking down and social cooperation , all of a single equation , that leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a profound irony .
Now , let 's go back to the beginning of the term of the term , the play , `` <unk> '' ; there was always the concept that if you make a smart machines , it would have a lovely rebellion .
The machines will be tested against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had all the concept of RNA rebellion to reverse .
It 's not that the machines are first getting smart , and then <unk> and that you try to get around the world .
It 's all the contrary , that the impulse to take control of all the possible future , is a most fundamental principle than the intelligence , which is that the general intelligence can actually be able to take control , instead of being down .
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the goal .
I often ask me , how do it look for the goals of this kind of framework ?
My equivalent to that statement to happen to the descendants to help build artificial adventures or to help understand the human intelligence , it 's the next : intelligence must be seen as a physical process that is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're in a global story in human history , something between the <unk> of the stars and losing the planet that we call `` home . ''
Although , in the last few years , we 've created a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth is in the context of the universe .
The NASA mission has discovered thousands of possible planets around other stars , which is that that 's what the Earth is just one between thousands of our galaxy .
But Kepler is a space telescope that is the European intensity of the stars when the planets go through in front of them , and it turns out a little bit of that light that 's going .
The data took up by Kepler shows the sizes of the planets in the distance that there are between them and their mother star .
In a set , this helps us to understand if these planets are small and the planets as the planets of our solar system , and also the amount of light that they 're getting out of their incisions .
And again , this gives you clues about if these planets that we find are frozen or not .
Unfortunately , as we 're finding this protons of illegal worlds , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
And the year 2014 was the highest .
It 's <unk> and the sea ice that have been with us since you 're going to be disappearing in a matter of decades .
These changes that we 've been transformed to global scale have been rapidly fast our ability to change their course .
But I 'm not not a scientific scientist , and it 's not a scientist .
But that we study the deck of the planet influenced by stars , with hope to find places in the universe where we find life beyond our planet .
You might say that I 'm looking for opportunities in the private sector .
Now , as someone really interested in the search of life in the universe , I can say that the most to look at the Earth , the most of our own planet .
Each of these new worlds spread to an comparison between the planet , and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Let 's take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and despite being a little bit beyond the sun , you can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to see this for an mission as the Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been immersed in the past , and in part , it 's why we studied both to Mars .
Our <unk> like the <unk> , you see its surface in looking at clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that the flow , as the <unk> mission , you take samples from the atmosphere of the atmosphere , and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their wounds .
The private companies are now not just short flights , but also the chance to live in Mars .
But despite all these images , we remember the deserts of our planet , places that are frozen in our imagination with the ideas of <unk> ideas , and it compared to Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas in our planet that are still going to create , places that are really <unk> in comparison .
Even in the fastest places , and more than the Earth 's Earth is fresh and filled with oxygen with our tropical forests in thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this enthusiasm for the tradition of Mars and other other planets , to get a big and sad shadow , and the belief of some that Mars would wait there to save this <unk> , the Earth .
And so that 's why I 'm like it 's exploration , I 'm in deep against this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but tell you that Mars will be there for humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the captain of the fact , I 'll have to tell you that the captain of the truth will have a place later .
But the goals for it 's exploration , and it does n't get them .
No , they 're actually expensive from the same currency : the goal of understanding , preserve and improve life in the future .
The extremes of extremes in our world looks like in our developing world as well as well .
They just find more close home .
If we can understand how to create , and they keep it together , in the hostile areas , in the hostile areas , and we can see the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I leave you with an mental experiment , the paradox of Ecuador .
A lot of years ago , the physical Senate asked me , where our universe has been around a long time , and we hope that there are a lot of planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of the existence of <unk> to now .
Well , where are you ?
Well , a possible solution to the paradox 's paradox is that when the civilizations are going to get good enough to consider on the stars , they lose the notion that is protect the origin of the planets that we 're going to protect this development .
It 's reasonable to think that just the understanding of us , we 're saving us to save ourselves , but the <unk> , and it 's exploration , they can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to bring the industrialized environments of Mars for the human presence , then we should be able to overcome the most easy task to preserve it on the Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I put my own home .
And as I was in the front of the front of the front in front of my pockets , looking at my pockets , I realized that I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that they were on the window of the dining table , where I had left .
So fast I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all fine .
I thought I was going to call a <unk> , at least I had my cellphone , but to midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go back home from my friend of Jeff to go night , because I had a early flight in Europe at the next morning , and it 's <unk> from my passport and my sister .
It 's expensive , but sure that it 's not more expensive than a <unk> at the night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , well sitting on .
I am a profession of profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works .
It turns rid that increases the heart rate , <unk> the levels of legislation and <unk> thinking .
And when I came to the <unk> of the airport in the airport , I realized that I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I started wondering , if there was something that I could do , systems that I could put in your place , that you 're going to be going to be doing bad things .
Or at least , if you 're doing bad things , that you know the probability that is a total catastrophe .
So I put it to think about that , but until a month after my thoughts , not <unk> .
I was worried with my colleague Danny <unk> , the Nobel Prize , and a little bit , I talked about that I came up with the window , and that I had lost my passport , and that I had forgotten my passport , and I 'm going to be lost with me who had been lost something called 160 <unk> .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary , who had written about this few years before , known as the <unk> .
They all know what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts comes and tries to find what it went wrong , yeah ?
In the <unk> , as it explains Danny , you look at , and you 're trying to find all the things that might be wrong , so , trying to figure out what we can do to avoid that things happen or to minimize the things .
So what I want to talk about you is about some things that we can do in the way of a <unk> .
Some of them are clearly , other are not so silly .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
In the house , it 's a place for things that they 're lost .
This sounds of common sense , and it 's , but there 's a lot of science that we get this thesis , based on how our space works .
There 's a structure in the brain called hippocampus , which has evolved in thousands of years , to make a focus on the location of the important things , where it 's the good , where the fish are , which is making the fish , which is making the trees , which are making the <unk> trees , where we live the <unk> .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that you get on in London .
It 's the part of the brain that lets them find their nuts .
And if you ask , if somebody really did the experiment , and they would make the sense of trustworthiness and still they could find their nuts .
They did n't use the smell , but the hippocampus , that 's very evolved to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move a lot , not so good for things that move a lot .
This is the reason for losing your head of the car , George reading .
So in home , you 're going to get a place for the keys , a <unk> on the door , maybe a vibrant dish .
And for their passport , a question in particular .
And for your reading glasses , a <unk> .
If you take a place , and they 're <unk> with it , you 're always going to be there when you look at them .
What about the travels ?
Take with the cellphone a picture of the credit cards , license to drive , passport , <unk> by email themselves for the cloud .
If these things are lost , or you know , this can make the substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when it 's under stress , the brain comes rid .
<unk> is toxic , and you get the thought .
So part of the <unk> practice is to recognize that under stress , we will not be in the best time , and you have to put the systems in their site .
And there 's perhaps not more stressful situation that when you 're face to a medical choice .
And at some point , we 're all going to be in that situation , to have to take a very important decision about the future of our medical care , or one of a being wanted to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And talk about a very particular case .
But this is <unk> as a <unk> for all of medical decisions , and in fact , it 's actually to create financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that we have to take that you 're going to be able to take a rational factor of the facts .
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've got the result of the lab , and it 's a little bit high . ''
They all know that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of diseases , the heart of the brain , the brain .
So you know , you 're thinking that we have the high cholesterol , it 's not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to take you a drug that will help reduce it , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've heard about the shirt , and you know that it 's one of the most attractive drugs in the world today , and it 's even likely to be able to be able to be able to get people to take them .
So you think , `` Yes , <unk> <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you need to do then , a statistic that you need to ask that most of the doctors do n't want to talk about , and the companies are even less .
It 's for the <unk> , the number you need to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or attachment to a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person .
And you need to think about what kind of <unk> is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor did n't tell me something if it was n't to help me .
But actually , the medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not enough of the doctor , and if it 's about somebody , is from scientists like me .
We have n't understand very well the underlying mechanisms .
But the <unk> estimates that 90 percent of the drugs works only about 30 percent of people .
So the number you need to try to try to try to get the most likely , what think it 's ?
How many people have to take them before you help a person ?
300 .
And this is where the research of the researchers 's research , <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> , <unk> .
I think the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack , the brain and the brain event .
Now maybe you think , `` Well , one probability in 300 of my cholesterol .
Why do n't it , doctor ? Do you get the recipe anyway . ''
But then you 've got to ask it by a more statistic , and it 's , `` You know , `` Do you know that the side effects . ''
For this particular drug , the side effects produce in five percent of the patients .
And those include things are terrible things , and they make the muscle , and power , pain pain , but now you think , `` Five percent is not very likely to me , even that 's not very likely to go to me . ''
But a moment .
remember that under stress do n't think with clarity .
So , think about how we do this with the time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , right ? A person has helped them , five percent of the 300 have the side effects , that are 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get out of the drug that will help you the drug .
I do n't say that they should or not take the <unk> .
I just say you must have this conversation with his doctor .
The medical ethics requires it , it 's part of the Greek consent .
We have to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about if you want to take the risks or not .
Maybe you 're thinking that I 've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash , but actually this number you need to try to be pretty typical .
And for the surgery that 's actually done in the biggest men of 50 , <unk> from prostate cancer , the number you need to try to be made of her .
So it 's , put surgery for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case , they produce in 50 percent of the patients .
Those include whether you do , it 's <unk> or dysfunction , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know it .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects just <unk> a year or two .
So the idea of the <unk> is to think about time the questions that you can make that we get the conversation forward .
You do n't have why we make all of this in the act .
And you also want to think about the quality of life .
Because it 's a lot of a lot of times , you want a more short life , or a more long life that could have a lot of pain to the end ?
These are the things that they 're talking about and think of now , with their family and their loved beings .
You can change them in the bottom of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain comes down to low stress , and one of the things that happens in that moment is that they turn up a lot of systems .
There 's a evolutionary reason for this .
It 's going to face the face with a predator , it 's not necessary the negative system , or the <unk> or the immune system , because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things , it does n't react to fast , they could be the lunch lunch , so that 's nothing about .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes on the window for those stress moments , is the amazing question , like Danny <unk> and their colleagues have been shown .
So we have to get them to think about the future to this kind of situations .
I think the important here is recognize that we 're all obsolete .
We 're all going to fail in when .
The idea is to think about the future how they might be those light , to put the systems in the place that will help minimize the damage , or to avoid the bad things happen in the first place .
I went back to the night of snow in the snow , when I went back from my journey , and I went back from my journey , my cartoon , I put it a few combination with the door , with a key to the door , a easy way to remember .
And I have to admit that I still have a lot of letters that I have n't apologize , and many of the email I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a systematic process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , '' is my favorite symbol .
It means to play Romo .
If you 're playing a musical instrument , and you see a <unk> , you need to play harder .
Two <unk> , even more smooth .
Four <unk> , and extremely smooth .
This is my sign of a <unk> tree , you see that it does n't care how many thousands and thousands of <unk> , and you can have , you 're never going to get a lot of silence .
That 's my definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system , the <unk> , besides a little bit of my own story .
The French signs came out for the 1960s , and with the end of time , and with the end of time , you bring with local signs , and we developed the language that we know as <unk> .
So , it has a few 200 years ago .
I was taught to believe that the sound was not a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
However , I realize that it 's not true for nothing .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , they 're really in my mind every day .
As a person who 's a person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's like , it 's like I lived in a foreign country , following their rules , <unk> , behaviors , behaviors and norms .
So how do I understand the sound ?
Well , I see how people get them and respond to the sound .
People are like my guys , and they measured the sound .
I 'm going to get that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people responds .
So I 've learned , for example .
`` Do n't let the door ! ''
`` You do n't do a lot of noise to eat from the <unk> of chips . ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , you 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do n't . ''
And I call it all of this , I call it <unk> . ''
Maybe I think about the tag of the most of what the average person does .
I am a lot of the sounds .
And I 'm always waiting for the sound , about the one that 's going to come on .
From there , this piece .
It 's going to decide .
They 're going to continue .
They 're going to convince them .
You can see that the <unk> has no notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines have already sounds through the subtle <unk> and <unk> .
In the culture , the movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the sign for `` <unk> '' in the <unk> .
A typical thing has five lines .
However , for me , to do it with my thumb , so it 's not possible .
It 's why in my drawings , I have four lines on paper .
In the year 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel in Berlin , Germany , for a artistic house there .
Before this time , I had worked like <unk> .
For this summer , I visited museums and spaces of different galleries , and while I was a place to the other , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At the moment , the sound was the tendency and that 's called me .
There was no visual art , it was true .
Now the sound has come on my art territory .
I 'm going to get it more about art ?
I realized that it does n't have this .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that you 're not just going through the ears .
I can feel in the way , or experience it takes , or even as a idea .
So I decided to convince the sound of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And everything that they had taught me in the sound , I decided to go and <unk> .
I started to create a new body body .
And when I went up to the artistic community , I was stuck with the amount of support and attention .
I realized that the sound is like the money , the power , the power , education : currency .
In the bottom of my mind , I always felt like the sound was wrong , it was something of a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that I could take me to me and my artistic work , or I could solve it .
I decided to me .
There 's a massive culture around the stage language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , the eyes of society is like if I had no voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me like people who can support them like , and it would become my voice .
From that way , I 'm able to be relevant in this society .
So in school , in the work and institutions , I work with many different types of <unk> .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me to be inspired .
And their voices have value and weight .
Imagine , I 'm able to get their voices , I 'm able to keep a temporary way of value something like to take a loan with a <unk> rate .
If you 're not going to go with this practice , I feel that it might be <unk> in the Philippines and not have any kind of social value .
So , with the sound like my new art , <unk> in the world of music .
And I 'm going to see the similarities between music and <unk> .
For instance , a music note you ca n't capture and express myself in paper .
And the same can say about a concept in <unk> .
The two are very space and highly <unk> , which means that changes can affect all the meaning so much of the signals as the sounds like the sounds .
I 'd like to share a metaphor for the piano , so you understand better how the <unk> works .
So imagine a piano .
And the <unk> became a lot of different parameters .
If you take a different lens for every finger as the piano , as the facial expression , the movement of the body , the movement of the body , the way of the hand , the way you get the piano , the English is a linear language , as if you 're going to get it just a opinions at once .
However , the <unk> is more as a century , you need the 10 fingers in order to express a concept or idea in <unk> .
If you just would be able to change the bookstore , we create a completely different meaning .
The same thing happens to the music in the tone of a tone , <unk> and volume .
In <unk> , to use these different parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the sign of the sign of that . ''
This is the sign , `` <unk> in that . ''
I 'm seeing .
It 's <unk> .
Oh , I 'm sleeping .
Oh , oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , look !
So , I put it to think , and if I look at the <unk> through the music ?
If I had to create a sign and put it up and again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For instance , this is the sign of `` day , '' the sun comes up and put it .
This is `` All the day . ''
If you 're <unk> and <unk> the speed , you see it as a musical piece .
All the day .
I feel at the same night , you can say that the whole night . ''
`` The night . ''
This is the whole night , in this painting .
And this took me to think about about three different types of night , `` Last '' and the night . ''
I feel that the third has more than the other two .
This is what the time we 're looking at the time in <unk> , and how the distance can express the changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present is more close and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is in the back .
So , the first example is a long time . ''
And then , `` Last , '' and the last thing that 's my favorite , with a very romantic idea , and once , `` I had once a time . ''
`` The common , '' is a musical term with a specific rate of four times for a single time .
However , when I see the word `` Well , I think it 's the common time , I think about the same time . ''
You see <unk> : hand hand , E : hand , hand .
We have <unk> through your head and the chest .
[ <unk> , I 'm going to know it .
Can you do it with me ?
All of the hands in high .
Now , we 're going to do it so much on the head as the chest , something like the common time , '' or at the same time . ''
Yeah , well .
That means , `` <unk> '' in the international system .
The international system , as you see , it 's a visual tool to help communicate in all the cultures and the languages of signs around the world .
The second that I 'd like to show you is this . Please do that again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in the <unk> .
Now , the third . Please get it again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting . ''
We 're going to do the three together .
`` He <unk> , '' and the lighting . ''
Good work .
Notice how the three signs are very similar . All of it .
It 's amazing to see how the <unk> is alive and profitable , as the music .
However , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because the <unk> does n't have sounds , automatically does n't have social value .
We have to start asking question what the social value , and we 'll allow them to make the <unk> their own value , without sounds .
And this might be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that there 's no longer to be deaf to learn <unk> , so you have to hear to learn music .
The <unk> is a rich circuit , and I 'd like to have the same experience .
I 'd like to show you to open their ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language .
And you never know , you can even fall out of us .
Thank you .
Let 's be <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents told me , `` You can take it all , but then you have to be <unk> . ''
The freedom means responsibility .
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places , where it was possible .
So I grew up in a innocence bubble or an ignorance of ignorance , and I have to say , because adults would lie to protect them from the horrible truth .
At the most , I learned that adults also <unk> , and they 're not very good to clean the other .
The country happened , now I 'm a adult and teach citizenship and invention in the school of Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait a lot for my students to walk on the beach for a lot of garbage .
So as well as good citizens , the beaches , and not , it 's not increasing alcohol , and if it 's , I did n't know it .
It 's sad saying , but today about 80 percent of the oceans have plastic .
It 's a scary .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming up with these big vessels and networks , to collect those pieces of plastic to study under the microscope , and the <unk> and <unk> this information in a map .
But it 's very expensive , and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very expensive , and it 's also very fast to use those huge boats .
So with my students , with age of six to 15 years ago , to invent a better way .
We 've transformed our small classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We 're going to build this kind of work with a height of work , so that the kids , they can also participate .
And I 'll tell you , the kids who make electric tools feel great and safe .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We take the plastic , and we promote the size that we found it in the ocean , which is very small , because of their assistants .
We do it .
I leave you to the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to get them into something that we hope that it works .
We decided that instead of collect pieces of plastic , just <unk> information .
We take the use of a robot , we take a picture of this plastic -- the kids get a lot of the robots .
And then we create fast what we call , `` A prototype . ''
We 're so fast in the creation that we ended up before lunch .
And we 're increasing light and cameras , and we put them into a obese robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic we have there , and this is the image of the robot .
We see the pieces of plastic around the sensor as the computer of the time that the computer of the process that this image and measure the size of every particle , to get a estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
It 's <unk> this invention in a website for inventors called `` <unk> '' with the hope that somebody will improve it even more .
The great thing in this project is that the students saw a local problem , and they 're trying to be able to understand it .
I can investigate my local problem . But my students in Hong Kong are very good kids .
You see the news , you get the Internet , and you 're going to get them with this picture :
A child , perhaps less than 10 years ago , I would get a oil oil oil , just using the hands , in <unk> , the largest Soviet rainforest .
They were very surprised , because this is the water that you breathe , it 's the water in which you get together , the water where they live , the place where they live .
You can see that the water is brown , the grass and oil are also brown color , and when everybody gets together , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which lets you see what 's in the water .
We built a first prototype that you can adapt through all kinds of chemicals that produce different animals , what you can help identify what 's in the water .
We 're going to get this prototype with a sensor , and we send them to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solve a local problem , or to look at a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help each other kids .
And I can investigate a problem of a distance , I saw forced to make a second experiment , and I wanted to get a little bit far , maybe to make a more hard problem , and also more close to me .
I 'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember , that in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that we 've got a lot of a giant waves , called it , and that 's why they 're doing several cities in the coast of Japan .
More than 14 people died in a second .
It also gives the plant of nuclear energy , a nuclear central central energy .
And today , according to the reports of about 300 tons , they 're still becoming the nuclear plant in the Pacific ocean .
Today , all the Pacific Ocean has <unk> pollution .
If we go to the West coast , we can measure the radiation of everything everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared disappeared , and most of the majority , it has sure , it 's blue .
Well , the reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've gone up every year from the accident , and it 's <unk> with other scientists , the land , the land , and this time we wanted to bring the kids .
Of course we do n't take them , the parents were not allowed .
But every night , we get into the center center -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem that they did n't take the serious work , but they did it because they 're going to have to live with the whole whole life .
Together with them to get the data on that day , and we talk about what we were going to do after the strategies , the strategies , the strategies , and .
And to do this , we create a <unk> map of the region around the region around the plant of nuclear energy .
We created the map of oxygen , we took them together to represent data in the real time , and we cut water to simulate the rain .
Now , we could notice that the sacred dust was taken from the top of the mountain to the <unk> system and <unk> in the ocean .
It was a estimate .
But with the base of this , we organize an civil expedition , the more closely to the date .
We go up to the other miles of nuclear central , and with the American aid of the area , we went together with the sea of the sea , and we went up with a <unk> of the sea , and we went out .
Here 's an progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work in these different scales , also with <unk> technologies , and very simple .
But at the same time , it 's been every time , because we 've just been starting to measure the damage that we 've done .
We have n't even started to solve the problems .
I 'm asking if we should give you the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things .
So the classroom became a very small way , we found a industrial company in Hong Kong , and we turn it into the largest space , and we convert it into the largest and environmental impact .
It 's in the middle of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , a little bit of biology , basically , you can build almost around all there .
It 's also a place where adults and kids can play together .
It 's a place where the dreams of kids can become reality with adults , and where adults can be children again .
Frank : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> : do things like : we can invent the future of mobility with energy energy ?
For instance .
Or well , we can be able to help them in the population of the age of age , and they can get their standard and the standard of the standard vehicles ?
The plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible , but the worst legacy that we can leave our kids are .
We ca n't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth , because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , as scientists , also , we need to make the next generation for the next generation for the environment and people , and so you can really do something about it .
Thank you .
Two <unk> , two cultures of creative design .
One is made of thousands of steel , the other one of a single silk of silk .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One of the environment on the environment , the other believed .
One is designed by nature , the other for it .
Forty sounds said that when he looked at it , it looked at it , you saw a shape that struggle to be free .
The <unk> was only a tool of penicillin .
But the living beings are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the most small units of life , the cells , we took all the information that we needed for every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least from the Industrial Revolution , the world 's world has been dominated by <unk> from manufacturing and production .
The Internet lines have been involved a world in the world , <unk> the imagination of designers and architects to think about their objects as <unk> of different parts .
But you do n't find it <unk> material in nature .
Think about the human skin , for example .
Our expressions are identical with <unk> pores .
It 's the same of the back of the back , they 're more solid with small pores .
You 're increasing as the filter , the other mainly as barrier , and yet , it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no parts , there 's no parts .
It 's a system that 's going to go down with their data through the variation variation .
Here 's a lower screen that represents my vision of the divided world , the twice of every designer and a architect to work with the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between Henry Ford , and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right hemisphere , analysis and synthesis , shows in the two screens after me .
My work , in its most simple level , it 's going to bring these two visions of the world , they come out of the roots and go to the growth .
You probably ask , `` Why ? ''
Why was n't it possible about 10 or even five years ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a rare moment , where you 've got four disciplines that give access access to people who never had access to before .
And in the intersection of these four fields , my team and I create .
Please know , you know the minds and the hands of my students .
We took objects , products , and tools and tools through scales , a big scale , like this little little scale , like this little little bit , like this Indian arm with a <unk> basis that some day not very far able to print buildings , and it 's going to get it in the darkness .
So here we 've got to take them up , a manifestation of the ancient architecture , and it 's created a screen where every single thing is about the way of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explore the possibility to create a layer and a kitchen . This was for a fashion designer of Paris with <unk> <unk> , it 's like a second skin made of a single piece , <unk> in the Philippines , flexible around the waist .
Together , with 3D printing printing 3D printing , we put this layer and 3D space without the cells , and I 'll show more objects like that .
So this helmet and <unk> materials , and you see it in the resolution of 20 .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a <unk> scanner .
And that designers have access to this resolution of high resolution , and we have to design products that is not just the way of our bodies , but also the structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed a acoustic chair , a chair at the structural time , comfortable and also they 're going to get it .
The artist professor , my collaborator , we went to nature to help , and to design this <unk> pattern , it becomes <unk> .
It 's <unk> this surface of 6,000 different properties , that they vary in droughts , <unk> and color , <unk> the dots of pressure in the human body .
Your surface , as in nature , it comes out of their data , it 's not through the link of the other material , or the other roots , but <unk> it , and it creates the material .
But it 's the ideal nature ?
Is no parts in nature ?
I did n't grew up in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me stories stories , and one of them sat up , and they had to define a lot of what it matters .
As she says , `` In the third day of it , God 's going to be able to grow a tree <unk> tree . ''
For the first tree , it would n't have any difference between branches , branches , leaves , leaves .
All the tree was a fruit .
In change , the land did it grow trees with branches , cortex , water and flowers .
The land created a world in parts .
I often wonder , `` What would you be the design if the objects were doing a single piece ?
Did you take a better state of the creation ?
So we 're looking for that <unk> material , the kind of <unk> tree , and we found it .
The second <unk> more abundant on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons , they produce every year by organisms like shrimp , crabs and butterflies .
We think that if we can create their properties , we could produce <unk> structures in a single piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We 're going to be a lot of shrimp shrimp , the <unk> , and we found <unk> <unk> .
We 've been able to get a broad range , and we 've been able to get a broad range of properties , from dark , hard , and forth , to light , soft and transparent .
To print the structures to a big scale , it 's built a system with multiple prescriptions of <unk> <unk> .
The robot could be able to grow the properties of the material on the way , and create these <unk> structures in a only material material , 100 percent based .
When the pieces are ready , you leave it to you to find a small way to find a natural way to the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a result of the impression of printing were used to be used to try and feel like the first time in the planet , a billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , <unk> the bacteria designed to capture fast fast to capture fast , and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that do its transition , without <unk> problems , and if they 're becoming even more , to windows .
A tree <unk> <unk> .
It 's working with a ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and with a little synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure of shrimp shrimp in an architecture that they think like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for objects designed for us , put in the sea , <unk> life , and they put on the floor , they 're going to grow a tree .
It 's <unk> for our next way using the same principles of design was the solar system .
We 're looking at the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for the <unk> travel .
To do that , we need to choose bacteria and control their flow .
So as the periodic table , we did our own table , new ways of life created , they made it , they 're going to be able to combine them and make a biological form .
I like to think about the synthetic biology as the liquid , just that instead of <unk> metals , and it makes new biological metals within small channels .
This field is called me .
We 've got our own 3D channels to control the flow of these <unk> crops .
In our first piece of clothes , it 's two thirds .
The first is the <unk> .
It lives in our oceans , and in <unk> water .
And the second , the second , the bacteria who happens in the human gut .
It turns out the light in sugar , the other sugar sugar and produce useful genetics for the building environment .
But these two questions do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothes .
Think about it as evolution , not for natural selection , but evolution design .
We 've created a only channel , we 've created a single channel that it looks like , you 're going to help you get these bacteria , and that you 're going to get it on their function .
And so we started to grow those channels in the human body , <unk> the properties of the material of the infrastructure .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , <unk> channels more transparent .
So this system 's crazy system , when it comes from a end to the other , it 's 60 feet .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our <unk> gut .
And here it 's , as you see at TED , our very first Philippines , and we have the first technical , and channels are bright , with life .
Thank you .
Mary Friedman said , `` We are the fashion creatures , only half it 's made . ''
What about the design of the other half ?
And if we could create structures that increase the living matter ?
And if we could create personal <unk> that we 're going to make our skin , and we put the immune tissue , and we took our bodies ?
Think about this as a way to edit biology .
I call this the material of material .
It 's always to go back to nature .
So , you know that a 3D printer made material on layers .
They also know that nature does n't do this .
It grows . It 's <unk> .
This about the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which they 're going to get .
We do n't think about this level of sophistication .
It makes it through the combination of two materials , but about two proteins in different goods .
A acts like structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , putting those fibers .
And this happens through scales .
The silk worm in the environment , it creates a structure of tension , and then it comes to <unk> a bit of intuitions .
We know , the tension , the two two forces of life , you feel on a single material .
With the end of understanding , how this works this complex process , we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the day .
We put it within a box with the magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of the dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm .
However , in order to put the silk worm in a flat station , not within a flat box , we realized that we 're going to get a flat , and they 're still <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different clips , and we 've discovered that the way , the composition , the structure of the way , it 's been able to cut directly through the environment .
Now , they 're often going to get the silk oil on the death within the death within their grandparents , its silk , and it uses , and it uses in the U.S .
We 've been able to design these together , we can give them a way to be able to give them to the sophisticated silk silk .
It 's <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we start this process to the architectural scale .
We had a <unk> robot doing , and we had an silk , and we put them into our site .
We knew that the silk silk spill into the most dark areas , so we use a solar line to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure .
And so we create holes or <unk> , to block the light of light and heat , <unk> the signs of silk on the structure .
We were ready to get to them .
We 're going to get rid of silk oil in a line of silk .
And after you were four weeks , they were going to get it to us .
We put it carefully on the lower edge of the gloves , and as <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and the life starts , and the life starts again , like us , but much more short .
Rachel Fuller said that the tension is the big integrity , and I had right .
At the biological silk silk about the <unk> silk silk , you get all this on the integrity .
And in some more than two or three weeks , I 've got a few weeks , I 've got a few weeks ago .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the line of silk .
<unk> , after the <unk> , produce three million eggs .
This might be used to 250 extra to 250 extra to the future .
So here 's the two visions of the world .
A <unk> , it 's through a robotic arm , the other full system .
If the last level of design is to give the products and the buildings that we 're around , to form a ecology of two materials , designers have to bring these two visions of the world .
What brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new age of design , a new era of creation , which brings us from a inspired design in nature in nature in the design , which is for us , for us , that we 're doing in nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much .
Raise your hand if you 've ever asked you `` What do you want to be about ? ''
If you had to remember what age had when they asked them for the first time this ?
You can get them with your fingers .
Three . Five . Five . Five . Five . Five .
Now , let 's raise your hand if the question `` What do you want to be about ? ''
It has been taken some kinds of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question `` What do you want to be about ? ''
The problem was not that I had no interest , but I had a lot .
In school , I liked the English , and it 's asking them and the art and college websites , and I had the guitar on a guitar band called <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard about us .
And in general , I like to test it , and it 's a lot of all , so we have spent a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But with the time this feeling , this feeling , this is not a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to go .
But then I 'm going to get it for another thing , something completely different , and I 'm going to leave me on it , and I 'm going to leave me , and I 'm going to show me , and I 'm going to show me , and I 'm going to show you , `` Yes ! ''
And finally , I want to go .
But then I 'd like to find something new and different , and I 'd like to go back in that .
This pattern took me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was not sure how I was going to turn all this in a career .
I thought that I had to choose one thing , you know all my other passions , and <unk> to <unk> .
Another reason that I did so many anxiety was a little bit more personal .
I was worried that there was something bad in this , and something bad in me for nothing .
I did n't have fear to the commitment , or to be fascinated , or <unk> or my own success .
If you can have my story , and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to do that , then .
Ask themselves , where they learned about the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things .
I 'm going to tell you where they learned it : I learned it .
You ask the first question , `` What do you want to be about ? ''
When we have about five years .
And the truth is that no one matter what you 're going to do that age .
It 's considered a question to make good answers in the kids like , `` It will be an astronaut , '' or `` I want to be a dancer , '' or `` I want it to be . ''
You 're going to get it up here .
Now , this question is one and again as we grow from all of all of the different ways , <unk> , in the school students , the question you 're going to choose to choose in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be about ? ''
It 's going to be the cute exercise of before we have the dream .
Why ?
If this is a question for the kids to dream with what they might be , not important to dream with everything that might be .
In fact , it makes the opposite , because when somebody ask you what you want to be , you ca n't respond with 20 different things , though adults , well , you can be able to laugh and say , `` Oh , what cute , but you ca n't be reconstructed from 1963 and psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Friedman , and he 's chatting from <unk> and <unk> .
And this is Amy <unk> , editor magazine in <unk> , generous , teacher and a creative person .
But most people do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is that they 're going to choose to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life is very busy in our culture .
It 's this idea of the destiny , or the real thing , the idea that every one of us has something to be able to do that it has something to be done for their time in this land , and you have to find what that thing , and I 'll spend your life to it .
But if you 're not connected to this way ?
What happens if there 's a lot of different issues that would get their curiosity and many different things that wants to do ?
There 's no place for somebody as one in that framework .
And so you can feel just .
You can feel that it does n't have a goal .
And feel that there 's something bad with one .
There 's nothing bad in you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is somebody with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a little bit of it for this .
It could be able to help whether they divide it in three parts : jobs , potential and <unk> .
They can also use other other terms that we 're going to do the same idea , as we did , <unk> .
For the age of the Renaissance , the ideal was that I was good at multiple disciplines .
It comes to us as `` Number . ''
You know any term that you like or <unk> one .
And it seems like a kind of moving to a community , we ca n't agree with a single identity .
It 's easy to see the <unk> as an limitation , and you know that you need to draw it .
But what I 've learned talking about people and writing about these ideas in my website , is that there 's huge strengths to be in this way .
Here 's three superpowers .
You , the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection .
It 's <unk> , and Rachel <unk> , their shared interests , in terms of data , between data , travel , math and design .
And it 's a company that 's created to be able to build up .
<unk> and Rachel came up this idea of the single idea of the skills and experiences .
It 's innovation in intersections .
There 's the new ideas .
And the <unk> , with all of their background , you can access a big amount of these things .
The second shows <unk> is learning .
When we 're going to do it for something , we 're going to it .
We see everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to be depressing , because I 've been a lot of times in the past , and this means that we have less fear to test new things and get out of our comfort .
A lot of skills are <unk> to other disciplines , and we bring all the things that we 've learned to each new area that <unk> , so we 're going to begin to start in scratch .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> , and writer .
As a child who was a amazing ability to develop normal memory .
Now , she 's the fastest thing known .
Before it become a writer , it was <unk> , it was a financial bit .
It had to learn the greatest sales mechanics when they started their practice , and this skill helps to write compelling by the editors .
It can be a loss of time , you 're going to be able to do it , even if the end goes on it .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could n't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able .
The third statistic , it 's the manufacturing . It 's say , the ability to transform it in any thing that you need in a given situation .
Forty <unk> is sometimes a director of videos , other , a web designer , sometimes a few pages , sometimes a day , sometimes , like , `` James Bond .
It 's valuable because it makes a good job .
He 's even more valuable because you can take different roles , depending on the needs of their clients .
And the USDA magazine took taxes as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so fast and <unk> that are the individuals and organizations that they can be able to meet the needs of the market , which is actually going on .
It 's about ideas , fast learning and manufacturing : three skills where the <unk> are very passionate , and three skills that you might lose if they 're sleeping to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest to encourage them to be themselves .
We have complex problems , well now , and we need creative thinkers to make them to make them .
Let 's say that they 're , in your heart , specialists .
They 're going to get rid of the understanding , knowing that they wanted to be a few years .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing bad in you .
In fact , some of the best teams of the best teams of a comment and a <unk> <unk> .
The guy can be on deep and put in ideas ideas , and the <unk> has a gallon of the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we 're all , we 're all like to design lives and careers that we 're doing with how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , the <unk> in a big part of the people who would just be more like their cars .
Once I said this , if there 's one thing that you 're going to take you from this talk , I hope that it 's this : <unk> with the roads , it 's what it is .
If you 're a heart of heart , then , <unk> all the media .
That 's where you 'll give the best thing .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those who you 've just just just just got to be one of them in the last 12 minutes , I say , I 'm going to do it with their whole lot .
Let 's give their curiosity for those <unk> <unk> .
It 's the intersections .
And we 're going to make our evolutionary future brings us to a more authentic life and happy .
And perhaps the most important thing , <unk> , the world we need !
Thank you .
In the year , a woman called a woman called a <unk> , it took them to a <unk> .
<unk> <unk> , and I could n't remember even the most basic details of their life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
I did n't know how to help them <unk> , but it turns out for it until that , unfortunately , he passed up .
And after his death , I was going to have a sudden , and found it strange , and they found strange plates and forth in the brain of <unk> , from a guy who never had ever seen before .
The most amazing thing .
If you 've been alive today , we could n't give it to the most helps that that we 've got to take it a few years ago .
He was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's disease .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to get a diagnosis that we 're now called this disease disease .
And since you know , the medicine has been a lot .
They 've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect the infections , many treatments for cancer , whether for HIV , <unk> for the <unk> and much more .
But some of it has been involved in treatment treatment .
I 'm part of a scientific team who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's disease from a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
This is now about 40 million around the world .
But in 2050 , it takes 150 million than , by the way , put a lot of you .
If you expect to live at the 85 years or more , the possibility of giving it to be almost one of each two .
In other words , there 's the probability that you spend their years with Alzheimer 's disease or helping take care of a friend or being wanted to care with Alzheimer 's disease .
It 's not only in America , health care costs 200 billion every year .
One of five dollars of the medical care is changed in disease disease .
Today , it 's the most expensive disease , and their costs would be a rise of five times in the year 2050 , as the generation of the Earth 's generation .
It can be surprised , but Alzheimer 's Alzheimer 's one of the biggest challenges and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's actually relatively little for <unk> .
Today , one of the 10 <unk> causes death from all the world , disease is the only that you ca n't prevent , cure or even slow their development .
We understand less than the disease that we 've spent less time and money in the research of the same .
The U.S. government -- they spend 10 times more every year in the research research that in Alzheimer 's usually despite the Alzheimer 's even though that we costs the Alzheimer 's disease and cause a similar annual number of deaths as cancer .
The lack of resources has a more fundamental cause : the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what people know , but all the world should : Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and we can learn it .
For the most of the last few years , all , even , the scientists , it comes to aging disease .
We think that we 're going to be <unk> in a normal part and inevitable .
But you 've just look at a picture of a picture of a little healthy brain in comparison with a patient 's patient to see the real physical damage for this disease .
In addition to provide a severe loss of memory and mental abilities , the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's affected , it 's always fatal .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates , and you 're grateful to strangers in the brain 's brain makes a century .
For almost a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
Today , we know that they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that comes as a origami .
There are places in the paper that are consistent .
And when it goes good , these <unk> dots end on the inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some of those dots are on the outside .
This is that the protein molecules are transformed between themselves , and the groups that can form big plates and forth .
That 's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer 's disease .
We 've spent the last 10 years in the University of Cambridge trying to understand how it works .
There 's a lot of steps , and it 's what it looks like it is complex , as we choose a bomb .
It 's a wire could do anything .
You 're going to make the other people to make the bomb .
You have to find the right step right now that it looks like , and then create a drug that do it .
Until a little bit , in the most of them have reduced the cables , and they choose the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , chemists , chemicals , physicists , engineers , engineers .
And together , we 've been able to identify a critical step on the process . Now , you 're using a new kind of drugs that drives specifically to stop the disease .
I 'll show you some of our last results .
No one of our lab has seen it still .
Let 's see a few videos of what happened to test these drugs in 2008 .
These are the healthy metal , and you can see that they move with normal .
These charges , on the other side , you have a protein molecules that are infected with them , as in humans with Alzheimer 's Alzheimer 's Alzheimer 's Alzheimer 's Alzheimer 's Alzheimer 's Alzheimer 's disease .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But when you give our new drugs to these worms in a early stage , then we see that we sit and live a normal life .
This is just a positive result , but the research like this shows that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease that can understand and cure .
After millions years , there 's real hope of what you can run in the next 10 or 20 years .
But for you to get that hope , in the disease , we need to help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We have <unk> that disease is a disease , and that if we 're trying to do it , we can <unk> it .
In the case of other diseases , the patients and their families , and their families have suffered more research and the pressure pressure about governments , industry , about scientists .
That was essential to move in the treatment of HIV at the late 1980s .
We see that same unit to overcome cancer .
But the patient 's patient often ca n't talk about themselves .
And their families , the victims of their families , the victims of their own loved , and night , they 're often too excited to go out and defend the change .
So , it really depends on you .
It 's not , in most cases a genetic disease .
All the world with a brain gets the risk .
Today , there 's 40 million patients like <unk> , who ca n't create the change that they need to do for themselves .
You 're talking about them , and they help to apply a cure .
Thank you .
I put this article in the column of the New York Times , in January of this year .
To fall from somebody , do this .
The article is about a <unk> study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and my own experience to test myself one night of the summer summer .
So the procedure is pretty simple , `` Two strangers are going to make you to make them 36 questions every more personal questions , and then they 're both looking at the eyes without talk for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of example of example .
Number 12 : If you could break tomorrow with a quality or skill , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you 're going to make another person ?
And just ?
We 're going to remember it , these are every time .
Number 30 : I really like -- Tell your partner , what you do it or she 's , I know , I know , I know , and I found things that you do n't say , and I found things that you 're not going to be known .
When I came up with this study a few years ago , a detail , I 'm really called me , it 's what two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , it was a little bit about this process of making romantic love , but , from then , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the occasion of test this study , with somebody who knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to be able to get it .
However , we put them , and I thought that it was a good story , so I put them to the column to the column , `` Love '' a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's already August , so I guess some of you probably ask you , you 're going together together ?
And the reason I think that you know , this is because I 've done this question one and again in the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's look at it .
A week before you put the article was very nervous .
There were been working in a romantic book in the last years , so , I had to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog .
But some of the blog can get to a few hundreds of view as a lot , and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times , probably about thousands of view .
And that 's a good burden of attention in a relatively small relationship .
But as he gave , I had no idea .
The article was published on a line on the night , and the Saturday , this happened in the traffic of my blog .
And the Sunday , I had been called the <unk> , and the Good <unk> .
In a month , the article got more than eight million <unk> , and I was , for saying something , little ready for this kind of attention .
One thing is to encourage the confidence writing about their own experiences , but another thing is to discover that life thinks of an international news has been international news , and the people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people call it or write , what they did every day for weeks , always , they did the same question : still continue together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I did a quick search in the hand of my email with the phrase , `` still still go together ? ''
And a bunch of messages are immediately .
They were from students and journalists and strangers , like this .
I fell on the radio and they asked them .
Even , I gave a little talk , and a woman 's saying to the stage , `` Hey , `` Hey , where is your boyfriend ? ''
And immediately I put red .
I think this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in a international newspaper , you need to wait that people feel comfortable asking about it .
But I was n't going to kill it for the <unk> of the response .
The 36 questions seemed to be able to make your own life .
In fact , the New York Times published a <unk> article for San degrees , which is why we took the experiences of readers to test the studio in them with different degrees of success .
So , my first impulse to all this care was to be very excited with my own relationship .
I said , not every request that we 're going to make a public economy together .
It 's a television interviews , and I drew the orders of us two .
I think that I had fear to become the <unk> of the <unk> process , a range for the which I did n't feel at all of the question .
And I understand that people did n't want to know if the studio works , they wanted to know if the study works , they wanted to know if it really works , or it 's , if I was able to produce love love , not just an adventure , but love love .
But this was a question that I did n't feel to answer .
My relationship was just about a few months ago , and I felt , about all , that people made the wrong question .
How do you know if you go together or not , and it 's also looking at it ?
If the answer was not , would do the experience of doing these 36 questions less interesting ?
Dr. King wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the goal of the researcher was not producing romantic love .
And instead of that , I was looking at me , and I 'm looking at my college students , using it , using what we 'd call it called <unk> personal staff , and they choose them .
Sounds , right ?
But the studio itself worked .
The participants were felt more close to doing it . We 've been looking at the <unk> studies , they used to have a quick way to create confidence as a quick way to create trust and interaction .
They 've used them between members of the police and the community , and they 've used it in the people of the opposite policy .
The original version of the story , which I put the summer summer , which is providing questions , with four minutes of visual contact , it was accepted in this article , but unfortunately I had never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk in a small college college , and then a student came up to me and said to me , and he said , `` I did the studio and did n't work .
He seemed like that .
And I mean , you want to say that you 're going to tell you you ?
Well , he made a pause .
I think it just wants to be friends .
And I 've got the best friends ?
Would you think that I can make the best after test the studio ?
It 's what 's .
So , it worked , I said .
However , I do n't think that that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think that 's the answer that none of you 're looking for when it comes to love .
I lived with the studio for the first time when I had 29 , and I was going to a really hard separation .
There were the relationship since I had 20 , which was supposed to absolutely much my adult life , and he was my first true love , and I had no idea how or if I could live without him .
So I did in the science .
And it 's all that I could find about the science of romantic love , and I hope that it could be a little bit of the heart way .
I do n't know if I realized this at the moment , I thought that I just did for the book that I write , in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought , if I think about the knowledge of romantic love , it would never have to feel so bad , and used me like it .
And all this knowledge has been useful from one or another way .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more surprised .
I have more confidence to demand what I 'm looking at .
But I can also see it more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking at it is sometimes more than they 're reasonably going to demand me .
What I 'm looking at love is a marathon , not only about being asked today , and it will be loved tomorrow , but that they 're going to be able to be able to be able to do it on the person that I love .
It can be that this is the page about the people , asking them when they were still together .
The story that the media told you about 36 questions is that you can have a little bit to fall .
It can be a way for some of a way to be able to get something of the risk , and this is a very nervous story , because it 's a very scary story , because it 's also scary .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of history .
The version of the story that question : still continue together ?
And their content with an response response or not .
So more than a question , I would say that we do more difficult questions , questions like : How do you decide who deserve your love and who do n't ?
How do things stay like , when things do ? ''
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably takes a relationship ? Or even more , how do you live with the question of your partner ?
I do n't know necessarily the answers to these questions , but I think it 's a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love somebody .
So , if you want the brief version of the story of my relationship , it 's this one year , a known year , a known year , and I apply a study designed to create romantic love , we put them together , and I 'm very happy .
But you know , it 's not the same thing to stay inside .
It 's the easy part .
So at the end of my paper wrote , I did n't happen .
You know , we took them , because we take the choice to be .
And it 's a little bit to read it right now , not because it does n't be true , but because at the time , there was n't considered all that choice , it was n't considered that choice .
I did n't think of times , we would have both to take that choice , and how much people will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he would always choose or not .
I want to be enough to be done , and he told you 36 questions , I have chosen to love somebody as generous , nice and fun , and we 've got to make that choice in the largest newspaper .
But what I 've done , in change , it 's going to turn my relationship in the kind of myth where I do n't think .
And what I 'm looking at , and what I can spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want to the happy end of me in the title of my article , which is , the only part of the article I did n't wrote .
But what I have in change is the opportunity to love somebody , and the hope that he 's also love , and it 's scary , but it 's scary , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by the mountain , and in the way I got like a <unk> of the woods of the woods .
And the city of New York makes a time . Something that really got me , but more details .
I 'll start with when I had eight years .
And I took a wooden box , and you 're going to get it a dollar of a dollar , a Y , and a fork in it in some place in Colorado .
And I thought some of strangers , or some of you found this box about 500 years ago and <unk> how our kind of ideas , for example how we eat them .
I had no idea .
In all ways , it 's pretty hard , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
In a moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go back and do , and do all those things -- and I was doing a lot for my mother .
And I took a dictionary , and I took all the pages , and I did a kind of <unk> , and I did a kind of <unk> <unk> , and he 's trying to sing and a bee bee .
Well , my mother has fear the bees , and it 's <unk> to them , so I 'm going to take more candidates on the canvas , thinking that I could <unk> .
In change , it happened , in a way it seemed to be the size of size , as if it was that it would make the text with a glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started taking elements , and they 're infected , these strange bottles that I was finding on the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things , because I was looking for things all my life , and trying to tell stories about these objects .
So I put it around the objects , and I realized that my God can draw in space .
I can turn them <unk> , to draw the same as you do around a side of the crime .
And I took up the objects , and I created my own problems .
First , <unk> -- that you can make a idea .
And then I did about insects and strangers creatures .
It was very fun to draw on the layers of resin .
And it was great , because I started able to build it and those things , and I was making something of money , to bring my girlfriend to dinner , for example , go to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point , I was interested in the human way , we wanted to make the human size of human beings within the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was able to die .
I did n't know what to do , because the book was going to kill me .
And I was the bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started to draw on the glass layers , similar to a picture in a window in a window , then in another window , and the other window , and I had all these windows together , and I had all these windows together .
And this really works , and so I could leave you to use the wallet .
So I did this for years for years , and my work was <unk> with something very big , which I call it .
So , I inspired me in a big measure of the <unk> of the <unk> , '' which is a painting in the Museum of the <unk> Museum in Spain .
Did you know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say that it 's a little bit of the time .
Well , I 'm going to do this piece .
It was 11 kilos .
About feet long .
It has a double face , so they 're 10 feet of composition .
It 's a little weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and the lifestyle .
There 's a cave where all these creatures have all these creatures with the animals of animals get between two worlds .
They 're in the world of the representation , to this sort of radio mesh , where they 're eating .
So here 's where the creatures are with animals , they 're going to get into it , ready to hide in mass mass in the ocean .
The ocean is thousands of thousands of elements .
This is a bird god to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the <unk> , the <unk> platform of the <unk> <unk> -- the product of Osama Laden , there 's all kinds of rare things that can find if you look very well in the ocean .
Anyway , also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and they get oil in a hand while the other hand come out .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it seems a <unk> that goes on Earth and the cosmos in balance .
So , it 's a aspect of the <unk> .
It 's a little narrative .
That 's the hand that it goes .
And then , when you go on the other side , it 's got a nose , like a bird on the bird , and they 're providing clouds of this sounds .
It also has a tail tail in a long tail a snake tail that we put it to her .
All anyway , their tail can make fire <unk> on a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that they go , you know .
His tail ended up in a quick balloon <unk> of 1986 .
Did you see them ?
They did in the 1980 of 1980 , as if they were a baseball cards .
It brings me to my time . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects , you 're called `` <unk> . ''
It 's about a project project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each of our culture is a archive of our culture , through media and material , or magazines .
But each one looks like a kind of archive in the way of being human , and they get in groups of 20 , four or 12 , at once .
They 're like cells , they 're getting together .
And you can walk between them . It 's a few years .
Every one is basically a microscope , which is something about 21 pounds with a human in their inside .
This is a small cave in the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can take the entrance .
I 'm going to tell you the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall that goes on the chest , and that it goes on the penis or <unk> , or whatever it is , a kind of thing <unk> .
It 's a quick calendar of these works , because I ca n't take it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a body for half .
This is two heads , and it 's communicating between the two .
There 's a few pills that come out and go on the head of this stranger .
There 's a little bit of a little forest .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , as the boxes we live .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called <unk> .
In this box , there 's a physicist , a neuroscientist , a musician , a musician , a writer , a writer , a writer , a writer , a radio license , a museum , a book that 's doing the content we do in the world .
It 's <unk> the box , and all the people of the other people , like particles .
And I think that 's the way to change the world .
When you think it 's and the box that 's living .
And together we got to realize that we 're all together together , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of countries , these concepts of countries , of religion , it does n't work .
We 're all very made of the same matter and in the same box .
And if we do n't start to exchange those things , and we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do you do that when you get your head ?
Let 's take an belief .
But so that this pill has to make the pain , first about the stomach , and it goes on and other organs .
I 'll take a pill , it 's the most effective and <unk> system for any drug in the body .
The disadvantage , though , it 's that when you 're going to get any of the drug .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When you take drugs , these they 're going to reduce the amount of virus in the blood , and increase the name of <unk> cells .
But they 're also known by their side effects , in the most negative effects , because in the time that we take in the time that we take into the blood environment , it 's <unk> , and worse even for the time that we take their destiny , which is where it 's the most important thing , in the HIV station .
These are regions like the nodes of the nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , the lungs , where the virus is gone , and it can not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get up in the blood of the patients who are going to get to the regular therapy with drugs .
However , after the price of treatment , the virus can go and make new cells .
This is the big problem of HIV with HIV with the drugs that it is a treatment for a lot of life for it .
One day , I felt , and I thought , `` Could we make the treatment directly to the structure of the virus , without the risk of the drugs ? ''
As a scientific expert in protons , the answer was in front of me : the imperative , of course .
If you use it in it , for the psychological care and surgery of diabetes , you can be used for any thing that we think , including transportation <unk> of drugs .
In fact , we 're using laser sands to open or <unk> black holes , that you 're going to turn it up and it was almost a lot of the cells infected with HIV to join drugs .
The best you ask , `` How do it possible ? ''
We started a little bit , and we started a little laser level on the mobile cell membrane as these cells are sitting in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser goes on the cell , whereas the cell is going to create the drug in the issue of Chad .
Before you even realize , the hole is <unk> immediately .
Now , we 're using this technology in Hyderabad or instead , but the goal is to bring this technology into human body , apply the human body .
`` How is that possible ? ''
Well , the answer is , through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 're going to do a thermostat on the infection of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , you get to the infection of infection .
For the last time , the third head , a <unk> that drives the drug , it comes to it directly on the infection of infection , whereas the laser is used to keep the open cells .
Well , this is not a lot of time .
But one day , if you have success , this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of the HIV of HIV -- in our case , a treatment with laser .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've studied in the last decade , I 've been studied in armed groups , no state groups , and organizations like terrorists , they do n't .
You 're doing what these groups do when they 're not beaten .
My goal is to understand the best to these violence violence , and we study ways to encourage the transition of the violent participation to the <unk> .
I do the field work , in the world of politics and the library .
To understand these groups is key to solve almost all conflict in course , because the war has changed .
I used to be a recession between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between states and actors .
For example , of the <unk> peace <unk> in 1975 , and 2011 , <unk> them between a state and an actor not .
So we need to understand these groups , and we even have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
But how do it do that ?
We have to know what drives these organizations .
We know very good for the reasons that they fight , how do they do it , but nobody knows what they do when they 're not fighting .
The health struggle and the political struggle are connected .
All of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
The armed groups of today are complex organizations .
For example , the <unk> <unk> , known by its violent calendar against Israel .
From their creation in the 1980 's 1980 , <unk> has also been able to map a political party , a network of social services and a military device .
At the same way , the purity of them , known by their suicide attacks against Israel , it 's also going to get the Senate of shrimp since 2007 .
And so that these groups make more than you 're just going on .
They 're optimistic .
We 've got a complex machinery of communication : steel stations , channels channels , websites of the Internet and strategies in social media .
And here you 've got the pathogen magazine , English in English and published to recruit .
They also invest in a complex groups , they 're going to invest in a complex of funding funds , but by using business business ; for example , business business .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
The armed groups are also doing something more : create more strong and they create more strong with their population in social services .
We build schools , they 're putting hospitals , they put them into a professional professional programs .
It gives us all these services and more .
The armed groups are also trying to recruit the population to get something that the state is not given , security and protection .
The Taliban will be in the Taliban in the war , the war , or even the beginning of them can be able to produce the efforts of these groups of these groups for us to provide security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , the security has a global price for the population .
But in general , they provide social social means to fill a vacuum , a <unk> gap by government , and they allow these to strengthen them to strengthen their power .
For instance , the obvious victory of 2006 , you ca n't understand without recognize the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex stage , even in the West , when we look at the armed groups , we just think about the violent .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are elegant .
They 're going to get together , because they 're infected in the government , and they 're going to get them as groups and political and political groups , with the violent struggle and they can give them .
And the most complex and sophisticated and sophisticated are these organizations , less , we can get it as a opposite of a state .
How about a group like <unk> ?
It 's a part of a territory , you 're able to get all their functions , you get the trash , you get the garbage system .
Is it one state ? It 's a cruel group ?
Or maybe it 's another thing , something new and different .
And what is it ?
The lines would be <unk> .
We live in a world of states , of countries without state and bright countries , and the most weak things are the states , as in the Middle East , as in the East East , and they put that gap .
This is important for governments , because they 're going to cut up to these groups will have to invest more in the tools .
It 's the government of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to create and make peace .
If we understand the best to the armed groups , they 're going to be better what incentives you can offer to encourage the transition of violence .
In this new recession between states and actors , the military power can win some battles , but not giving them peace and stability .
To achieve these goals , we need the long-term investments to fill that vacuum vacuum , to fill that vacuum of government that allowed these groups in a beginning .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman as a woman .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid that I 'm going to accept the picture of `` feminist '' would be unfair for them .
I 'm feminist , but pretty bad .
And so I 'm going to make me like a bad feminist .
Or at least , I wrote a article , and a book called `` The feminist feminist '' and then in the interviews , people started to call <unk> <unk> .
So what it started as a personal joke , it 's going to myself , and a <unk> , it has become something bigger .
Let me give you a step back .
When I was young , about everything in my elderly and 20 years , had strange ideas on the meantime , these women <unk> , and that they 're going to get the men , and that they choose sex .
Today , I see how the women are looking at the world and anger , in particular , it seems a perfectly reasonable response .
But in that time , I was worried about the tone that I was using people to the <unk> that could be feminist .
It 's going to be labeled as a feminist was an Mommy , a taboo and nasty word .
It 's like a woman who does n't follow the rules , which is not too , with high self-worth , and it 's going to believe that it 's like or the upper to a man .
No one wants to be that unlikely woman , until you realize that it 's actually that woman , and you ca n't imagine that woman .
With the time , as I went growing , I started to accept that I am , in fact , a feminist , and also , proud of being .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
You know the same pay for the same work .
We 've got right to travel around the world as <unk> , free , and violence .
We have the right way to use a easy way and accessible the contraceptives and the rehabilitation services .
We 've got the right to decide about our bodies , without need to be able to combine them , or ventilation <unk> .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to have the other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , of gender , religion and sexuality , and sexuality and sexuality , and a lot more .
We have to have to have the differences , and how we affect , in the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this , we 're not nothing .
For me , these truths are authentic , but to be clear : I am a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I 'm going to get to work , I hear music , <unk> music <unk> all volume .
Although the letter happens to women , and it brings me deeply deeply , the classical `` Five <unk> '' from trustworthiness ventilation is amazing .
`` You 're going to do it with you .
<unk> , you 're going to get them up until you get it ! ''
Think about it .
You have poetry , right ?
I 'm completely aware of my hands .
I think I believe in the work of the man , which is all that I do n't want to do , including -- all the future tasks , but they also also kill insects , it 's <unk> , and they also also kill insects , it 's <unk> , and the maintenance maintenance .
I do n't want to have nothing to see with that .
The pink is my favorite color .
I 'm trying to try in fashion magazines and the good things .
I can see `` The <unk> '' and they 're going to think about it , and I 've got <unk> <unk> of the stories that they do .
Some of my interventions are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to take the past of his husband , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge it .
If a woman decides to stay in home to raise their children , I 'll say that choice , also .
And the problem is not that it becomes affordable vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> in a way that women are inherently vulnerable when they choose .
You 're doing this problem .
It 's <unk> the conventional rhythms that has been passed , you know , historically , the needs of the color women , and the workers , ethical and authoritarian women , in the favor of white women , and it 's kind of high .
Listen , if that 's a good feminist feminist .
It 's also the next thing : How feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We 've got this tendency to put up in a lot of a month .
We hope you 're going to get it to it .
When we 're going to get them , we take a lot of taste from the same thing where we put it .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I 've got me to think about that conference before you try to put there .
It 's been looking at women , particularly the innovative leaders , they have fear to be <unk> as it .
They have fear fear , and say , `` Yes , I 'm feminist , '' so I mean , `` Yes , I 'm feminist , '' by fear to what it means , for fear to not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
Let 's take for example to <unk> , or like I call it , and I call it .
In the last years , it 's a feminist feminist .
In the Institute of 2014 , <unk> 2014 , you can be in front of the word `` feminist '' about three feet .
It was a wonderful show , to see this star in the wallet and we make a lot of how many women and the men and young men who be feminist is something to be proud to be proud .
So we 're going to get the time , the cultural critics started seen if it was or not exactly feminist .
It 's going to just believe it , instead of just believe the word of a adult woman and mature .
And we 're still going to get it up from them , because we 're still fighting for a lot , we want a lot , we need a lot , we need so much a lot .
We 're a lot of more there of the magical ideology of critical and <unk> , and it 's so much , for me , for any woman of any woman , he understood until it 's nothing .
We do n't need to do that .
That 's wrong , or more well , a more inclusive understanding is the point of starting .
But what happens after ?
We were going to recognize our principles to give them , to happen to the action and be a little bit more bright .
If I hear music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than they would be more than they provide a huge supply .
And these artists do n't change their way to talk about women in their songs until that we 're going to make the affecting change in their profits .
It 's not hard .
Why is your music that will be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worst choice .
But when the bad decisions is doing this that 's more difficult for women to get equality , equality that all of us and it 's our responsibility .
I think about my nieces , three and four years .
It 's two extraordinary girls , and so bright , and also very bright , I want you to grow in a world .
where you 're looking for the strong creatures that are .
I think about them , suddenly , the best option is known as something much easier to do .
We can all take better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program is going to carbon violence against women as a sports , and we 're going to get the funders in the Maldives .
We can change the radius of radio when we hear songs that they treat women as anything .
We can spend our money to go to the movie in the other time when the movies do n't treat women more than organic objects .
We can let the support of the professionals where the athletes are trying to get their partners as well .
In any case , the men , especially the white men , and they can say , `` No , I 'm not going to release on his magazine , participate in their project , or working with you , until it does n't apply a enough enough of women , so to participate as to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or its organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited to participate in this kind of projects , we also can be able to be able to be able to get the barriers to be able to overcome the barriers in the decision to make the barriers in the decision to make the barriers .
We 're not <unk> <unk> . Without these efforts , without taking these positions , our achievements are going to mean very little .
We can make these small acts of courage and wait that our decisions will happen to the top , people in the power of the people in the power and producers of film and music , the people who can take great decisions , more bright , to create a big decisions and meaningful .
We can also be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to say , well , bad , or any of any way .
The last line of my book , `` Bad <unk> , '' he says , `` You 're going to be a bad feminist to not be in all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons , but I say , about everything , because I was my voice my voice , and I did my voice , and I helped me .
There was a incident .
I call it the incident to do in front of what happened .
A few kids told me when it was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
They tried me as if it was nothing .
I started thinking it was nothing .
I 'm going to get my voice , and after all I did n't believe that I could say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I 'm going to take me in a stronger version of myself .
And the words of women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who came to me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
And the words of women who showed me that was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned writing like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started thinking that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through the script , and I also discovered that if it was a little bit guilty , another woman might say and see , and you know that any of us , that 's nothing that the world is about telling us that we are .
In a hand , I have the power to get anything .
And in the other , I 'm asking the question that I am just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way to think , what I say , and what I do , and I do n't leave everything that 's human .
I hope we all can do the same .
I hope that we can be a little bit , a little bit , when you can be a little bit , when you 're going to be a bit of the courage .
Right after Christmas last year , <unk> kids in California , they had eight minutes , or by being exposed to somebody who had been there .
The virus then went on the border with Canada , it 's going to be more than 100 children in them .
There 's one of the actual things of this outbreak is that the case that you can be fatal for a child with a child immune system , it 's one of the most powerful diseases in the world .
There 's a effective vaccine against this from a century , but many of the kids involved in the previous outbreak had n't been considered because their parents were afraid of something not even worse , because their parents were afraid of something that 's autism .
But a moment , it was n't the article that involves the future about autism and vaccines , and it turns out on it , and it turns out , and it turns out , and it 's going to be a <unk> .
Does n't think about the majority of smart scientists that the theory cause autism is a dodo ?
I think most of you know , but millions of parents in all the world they 're still going to do that the vaccines are going to get into the kids to have autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the growth of autism in the time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
And the few psychologists , and you know that I had heard about it to create all their professional life without see a single case .
For decades , the prevalence of prevalence made stable , so three or four kids for every 10 .
But then , in the year of 1990 , the numbers began to us .
It 's <unk> of funds as <unk> , you know that autism as a epidemic , like a epidemic , like a epidemic , as if I could bring out of the other child .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not the vaccines , what is it ?
If you say to the people of the <unk> Center from Atlanta , what 's going on , they tend to based on sentences like `` <unk> of existential diagnosis , '' and `` A better detection cases . ''
But that kind of language do n't make a lot of the fears of a young mother that look at the face of the two years , visual contact .
If the concrete criteria had to sit out , why were it as well at the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1950s ?
Five years ago , I decided to discover the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less than see with the slow technology and the other of the science that with the power of storytelling .
Over the most part of the 20th century , the doctors told a story about what autism and how it was discovered , but that story turned out , but that story turned to be false , and the consequences was having a global impact in global health .
There was a second story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corner of the clinic literature .
This second story says everything about how we got here and where we have to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist , I witnessed <unk> , from the Johns Hopkins Hopkins , in fact , I published a article that describes 11 patients , young people who seemed like , <unk> worlds , <unk> the people from their own , even their own parents .
They could recognize it for hours , the hands of the hands to their faces , but they were thrilled of <unk> , as when I did n't know their favorite toy in its favorite place , without knowing them .
On the base of the patient patients in its clinic , <unk> , that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as the main authority of the world in the subject , was that we had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome as you 're going to give them out of <unk> places like South Africa .
This is actually not impossible , because the criteria of <unk> for the diagnosis of autism were very <unk> .
For instance , I 'm going to give you that diagnosis to kids with stories , but now we know that the God is very common in autism .
One time you 've become nine of every 10 kids sent up for other kids to their office , and it 's going to give them a little bit of autism .
It was a smart man , but part of their theories were not <unk> .
We 've been autism as a form of children 's way , it took the cold parents and <unk> .
And these kids , he said , they 've been very carefully in a refrigerator who do n't <unk> .
At the same time , though , I noticed that some of their young people had special skills that they 're eating in certain areas like music , math and memory .
One of the kids in the clinic could distinguish between 18 minutes before I was two years ago .
When his mother put one of their favorite records , he said , `` Beethoven . ''
But I had a bad opinion of these skills , things like the kids were just excited about what the kids were just excited about their parents <unk> , because they had to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two generations of children were sent to institutions for their own good , they become invisible for the world in general .
That was not until the decade of 1970 that the researchers started to test the theory that autism was weird .
It 's <unk> , and it thought the theory of mothers <unk> was pretty stupid .
She and his husband , John were <unk> people and <unk> , and they had a deep memory , deep daughter called SETI .
It 's <unk> and John knew that it was going to raise a child as it 's called no special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend to defend the National Institute of the Health Institute that they needed more resources for the children and their families , <unk> and his colleague 2.0 decided to do something that should be done 30 years before .
And they put a study of autism in the general population .
It 's <unk> in London called <unk> to try to find the kids in the community .
What you saw left , that the <unk> model was too limited , because the fact of autism was much more likely and diverse .
Some kids could n't talk about all , whereas others were <unk> in their fascination for the <unk> , in the dinosaurs , or in the chiefs of the <unk> .
In the other way , these kids do n't get up in <unk> frames and <unk> , as he said , we saw a lot of them , and you saw a lot of them , a lot more than the <unk> model would have predicted .
At the first , they were waiting to try to make sense of their data .
How no one did n't have any of these kids before ?
But then I found a reference to an article published in German , the year of the next year of <unk> , and then I forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
I knew about this article of competition , but he turned out in their own work .
There had no English translation , but luckily , the husband 's husband was talking a German , and he 's translated it for it .
The document gives a alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans mentioned , which I was going to put a integrated clinic with a <unk> school in Vienna at the 1950s .
The ideas 's ideas for teaching kids to teaching kids with learning differences , they were <unk> even for standards .
The morning in his clinic started with music classes , and the kids were doing their games the evening .
In order to ask the parents to cause autism , as I described it as well , as it 's a <unk> , <unk> ways that they needed to be able to support them and spaces it was for the course of life .
In order to try to treat kids in their clinic as patients , showed them the call her small teachers , and it took to help help the development of education that were particularly right for them .
Now , it looked at autism as a diverse continuum that gives an amazing variety of poets and disability .
He believed that autism and the collective traits were common , and they 've always been , seeing aspects of this continuum in 1957 known as the religious scientific scientist as a awkward social scientist , and the teacher 's professor .
He was more there even to say , that for success in science and art , a lot of autism is essential .
And we 've found them found that <unk> was wrong in that autism was <unk> , so as the parents were , like the parents were .
In the next few years , they worked in silence with the American Association to get the criteria of the diagnosis that we would call the diversity of what they called `` spectrum . ''
In the end of the '80s and the early 1990s , their changes were flying , and we had the limited model of <unk> , and it 's a limited model of <unk> .
And these changes did n't fall on broken up .
It 's like , when you 're going to get it , and we did it worked on the way to reform these criteria , people around the world , you see an adult women for the first time .
Before I went out , `` <unk> Man '' in 1988 , just a small circle , <unk> by experts knew what autism was autism , but after the <unk> performance performance , and after the <unk> performance <unk> , and it 's <unk> , teachers , teachers and parents all knew what autism was .
At the same time , they took the first of the first kind of easy clinical trials to use autism .
I did n't have to have a connection with that small circle of experts to get a diagnosis for their child .
The combination of `` <unk> Man '' the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network of the network , a perfect storm of autism .
The number of Leonardo started to get up , the same thing that we tried to be <unk> and Turkish , in fact , that it did n't expect that the people with autism and their families in the services in the services , and they 're going to call it .
So Andrew <unk> came to the vaccines for the increase in the food , and a simple , powerful story , and they 're thrilled very bad story as the theory of autism was <unk> .
If the year of the <unk> center that one of each kids in the United States , they 're in the spectrum , it 's right , the hair are one of the largest groups of the world .
In the last few years , the other people have moved on the Internet to make the idea that they 're the puzzles to solve by the new scientific advances , <unk> the term `` <unk> , '' to celebrate the laws of human people .
A way to understand the <unk> is think in terms of human systems .
The fact that you do n't work with Windows , it does n't mean that it 's broken .
According to the dark standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , it 's social , and it suffers from a little bit of attention to the details .
Without doubt , people have been planning to live in a world , not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still going to teach them , who believed that the cure '' for the most African aspects of autism are in the understanding of autism , we find with capacity , communities , and the parents with faith in the potential of their children .
A autistic woman called <unk> <unk> said once , `` We need all the hands in covered for the boat of humanity . ''
While we 're going to get into a uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence in the planet to do in the planet to make the challenges as society .
We ca n't afford to be able to be not a brain .
Thank you .
